[Music]
[Laughs]
and
H
[Music]
oh and
k
[Music]
H
Oh
[Music]
I have
bu
Good, how are you family? How are you? Good
I hope you had a nice time
We were here last night
in telesalseo 5 hours of
live 5 hours of live streaming
They got pretty intense, I left things out
it was in the end that I wanted to have tried
Juan Casalla Many
Thanks to the members here what
such 33
members God but what's going on
[Music]
here's a new record
No right now we are in the
record right now we are at the record
In short, you've never had this channel, dude.
of
member right now we are on record
total
3396 right now we are at the record
Total that this channel has never had
members
Uncle, there you have it.
3396 vestros are worth yesterday were made
200 members in telesalseo, not bad at all.
bad not bad What happens right now is
In telesalseo they are at 1300 or something like that
with those 200 that were made Uy is
blurs
I say that telesalseo is like in
13th thing
so but well too much are not that as
I have said these last few weeks these
last few weeks this last month well I
I would say that the summer as such was
leave me on the telesauce
Hey, something strange happens every day, Javi, you are
Attraction
What happened yesterday was terrible, the truth is that it was
strong I don't know if I should tell it here to the
people of the youth so that
Be careful where you walk and so on.
because there is the internet
rare is serious eh or so we have already
It's normal for certain things to happen to me
but it's serious eh it's serious eh but
Tell it now, you want me to tell it
But let's see, I don't know if Lili is going to send me
Damn, I have some things here.
open Lili who is looking And such But
maybe you have to send me to
Let's see, that's strong, eh, that's strong.
you talked to Pablo yes Pablo says that he
Well, let's see, I'm not going to give any clues, but
clear
[Music]
and things have their ups and downs
things have their moves of course You have to
collect and we have to try
It is worth getting some information
I'm going to leave it there, it's serious, eh?
very
grave to the susara uncle to the susara uncle
I found it yesterday in a store
candy and I hadn't seen it for a while
sold account account that not all
We can watch you all day and find out
of everything for Yesterday was very strong but
apart is that
it was a thing
completely
unexpected So that is
no it is not planned, notice that
I realized that we left each other
part of Antonio David's gossip and
Joana Morilla without
dealing with that thing that happened distracted us and
We left out some of Johana's gossip
morilla and Antonio avid sin
try He's already changed his face He's already done it
I saw but how it changed
expensive but it's very heavy
eh it's scary
Hey, I'll eat this and you'll see it.
The story was the Machiavellian evil in
live and direct but evil and clumsiness
not evil and idiocy too because it was
like a mixture of was like a mixture
that he wanted to come and give like a sasca
in his roll and it was like clear I don't
had found out that they had passed
days would have passed and I would not
would have paid attention or it would have been cancelled
This presentation and
there is no more outside Eh I would not have thrown
see it happens many times, that is, there are many
times that I have some jobs and
some things and they get cancelled many times
They have called me for things on TV.
have canceled ago
A little while ago they called me
from Ah from a TV show
Spanish so you could be interviewed
and no, they didn't call me again. I don't know what.
is what
It was confirmed that she was the one who sent the
message save that is complicated
confirm it right now
I can tell you what we experienced last night
and the signs that there are already each one that
think what you want but maybe not
She may have sent him the message
she was in a Telegram group
where those messages were being sent
and she didn't send it, someone else did but
she knows you know
complicated but
strong man who had infants like me
It's not like that, Lili.
one cannot lie
Of course, if they request it judicially
Say who the clear message was from There
is where they are going to
say
but even if it wasn't her as such
directly the one that sends the
message the simple fact of being there
I'm already stuck, it's enough
the simple fact that it's there, Eh, already
Okay, and this is no longer just a
shame on her as such because she
I think it doesn't have much but for
anyone who gets together with this
people simply because of hate
eh simply because of hate
eh Yesterday was a live that the truth is
she starred eh without without going over
she the direct because the truth is the
direct was about
especially because of the issue of Loli being
have invented a cancer to try
attack us and so on but the aunt came
He was in the amp chat all night
Pancha with her obsession
and and he was falling into a fool in
[ __ ] and suddenly what happened happened
It happened in one of these that were
cornered okay she was cornered
because people were giving him a hard time
the fact that he is afraid of Loli does not
I mean
This is this lady for those who don't know about
who we are talking about we are talking about
This Tania is not like the la
Johan Plana's mascot gives a kiss
Handsome, it's been a while since I saw you around here.
uncle and this girl is doing the
ridiculous but like a donkey but
I saw it like a donkey the other day
fighting with utbh that I didn't mention
because I was on vacation traveling
Okay, Ricky will get angry if I say that.
I'm on vacation and I'm getting down to business
work but Elena mentioned it in her
direct not the girl like a donkey what
tell her, that is, her position is neither
their principles nor their beliefs nor their
ideology or anything she is right now
against Javi Oliveira and then he leaves
bringing people together simply under the
criterion that you are against Javi Li
Veira, she is very feminist, well then
He hangs out with people who mess with him
women who hate women and who
They say disgusting things about women, okay?
She defends Antonio David Bueno.
He meets with people who, like Anton, are
an abuser who I don't know what and who
should be in jail Okay and all and
everything about Roco Carrasco and
Besides, the other day he bought a book of
a writer because the writer had a
problem with me a writer who says
that Queen Letizia takes cocaine that
I don't know what she is, that she is an adulteress or something and the
aunt buys the grade book and and
well, let's go, in fact, she already did it
We were watching yesterday the presentation of the
people like me or I'm the one who fights with Javi
oliveira vale yesterday we saw some
examples when he sent a message to
Marina Esnal sent him a message from
stick You will know me as Javi and when he
wrote to the writer for example me te
I met through the youtuber okay, that is, it is
Javi Oliveira the center of life
These people, man, that's already heavy, okay?
I am so important it's heavy but
Of course, several things come into play here, not you.
you can be a ridiculous obsessive character
and everything you want Well that's it
I was telling you that he goes like a donkey
He goes like a donkey without checking and he goes
being ridiculous by getting into issues
of which she does not know which ones she does not know
I was yesterday putting the chat to
fill the chat of hashan flat had
reason
Hash Hash my and Antonia had
You have me without a voice, eh. You have me without a voice.
voice
Hey
But how come Hash my was right Hash
plan was right hashtag a pass had
reason came to put in a hashtag uncle or
sea things Ricky edy hashtag Ricky edy
whatever it was was right
where I am, then she is against whom
whoever he's with
arguing that it is very good that you are
I saw her so cute the other day
arguing with utbh trying it utbh
what he had
lived what he had what he had
vivid
and and
correcting them had it utbh not that the
Joan Plana was right, you
you were and denying utbh things that
had passed and denied to utbh is
as you were you are stupid You are
Totally stupid that in one of these
yesterday Valeria but the enemy of my worst
enemy is my friend but that has to be
to a certain extent I can be
Imagine if I, for example, don't
Imagine how I get along with Ricky Eddy
Not bad, but suddenly Ricky Eddie is.
If he says something coherent, then I'll say damn.
Here Ricky Eddie is right or wrong
example when Ricky Eddy has fought
with someone Well here's the reason
Ricky Eddie even when Ricky is
fight with Dallas and I get along more with
Dallas maybe Ricky says something eh And
I agree with you and with Dallas in some ways
thing then I don't give it to you. I mean you have
to have what you are listening to in
base no no no no well these people you know
Be your center, your center to decide
your Life Center your center of
movement is Javi uncle is Jai is Javi
So yesterday in one of those that
was in coc lost because people
was throwing in his face a fear that
has Loli Huerta because Loli Huerta
He threatened her with something of his own.
couple that Well I think that all the
world has understood it or rather Loli has not
Thank you very much, welcome
The gorgeous Loli Huerta hinted at it
quite clear for g or that is the thing about
Tania's husband. I don't know if he is a husband.
or father of her child or whatever the [ __ ] it is
you know Loli hinted at it pretty strongly or
Let Loli understand what she means is like
who had had some kind of conviction
Loli said it, okay, so it started to
say things like stop it, stop it
stop
And things like that are fine, but Tania doesn't dare.
to say nothing to Loli even though
Loli insulted her, she insulted you and
tell him that it's [ __ ] that it's a
garbage that I don't know what Because if he dares
to tell Loli that Loli is put to the test
Say it, Loli would tell everything without
no tremors of any kind
let's go I don't know Tobias I don't know I don't know the
details that Loli will know the details
But man, what is clear is that
Loli has already hinted at it quite clearly.
He who has not caught the hint is
because it has not been
heard always puts the donkey first
the carrot is how a woman goes with her hand
on the forehead she is immolating herself
point will cost him dearly he played very
dirty has a big problem but has
several problems have several problems
you already received one
Buran of an association against the
thing I don't have a voice, man, yesterday 5 hours of
direct and I don't know if I'll be able to here
hold on straight eh I have several things
that
tell you about the coast The monetization of
his channel was demoted
your channel
YouTube that goes cic Case cam donkey like
like her alone but donkey like her
alone like the donkeys like the
donkeys Total that the move is that in a
These are the ones that get angry about the chat on their own.
She gets angry with the chat and starts to
fight with the chat and start saying to
me starts spamming in the chat tell him
Tell your followers about the UNEP
The thing about the UNEP, of course, I got married like that.
I was watching her spamming
In the chat tell him about The Ones from the
unep and I was like this and I say what is it
saying This aunt now well of course This
Aunt what she does many times is that she
It makes you insinuate things to give to
understand things that you stay like that, say you
What are you making up now?
example of
The other day they sent me a click
I was implying that YouTube had
made something to telesalseo because
telesalseo had Bot s takes out her [ __ ]
That's it, the YouTube plate, the plate
of the 100,000 telesalseo Why not
They have still sent it and it has been like this for a while
year when everyone knows that if
You have a strike and your license plate is delayed.
365 days, which is equal to a year, is worth it.
In fact, I think we'll look at it right now and
I think that in the middle of this month we could have it
ask you know but well that kind of
insinuations no and suddenly it started
as to
spam tell your followers about the
Tell your followers about UNEP
Of course I stay So wings and Elena
They were fighting. Yes, yes, that kind of but.
They invent that type like I don't know how not
They have true things, they invent that
type of insinuation Hello Javio, I know you
loves you very much Thank you beautiful Maria What
message so
nice they invent like that kind of thing
They make up that kind of insinuation like that
dropping things like things happen
that people don't know I don't know one thing very
rare No Total that begins to tell me
Tell your followers about UNEP
Tell your followers about the UNEP
It became clear to me about the UNEP and I was
It comes to mind that this week I
for next Tuesday I had a
work eh the one is a university of
Here in Spain, it is a university.
which is also associated with all the
cities in the country at a distance too
Okay, I don't really know how it works.
true because I don't know anyone who
has been okay But well Eh This is
something that you will see that I have not told you
but I haven't told you but why not
I remembered while we were in
direct and because I don't know if maybe
I shared some stories Look what
I tell you, but I graduated from the
unet Yes yes there are many people who have
gone okay but what is it
See, I don't know if you know it, but
They call me many times to give
lectures at some university eh
I have sometimes gone to some program
radio some TV program or so no
I'm not only on YouTube but I do
more things when they call me okay But that
It's like that, I mean, I'm a more or less person
known let's say no
eh above all I have a lot of audience
Spanish for the telesalseo issue
also and all that stuff no and
So, what do I know? They call me and
I go to the jobs that I like and
I don't go to those I don't like.
I know I'm also on a channel for some things
those are worth it. I haven't told you in the end.
that on Tuesday I had this because I
I know it's not a YouTube ad. I mean, no.
It is a conference on YouTube. It is in the
university Why would I say it but
Besides, I don't remember
Neither, so surely Monday is worth it
probably on Monday night then
I would have told you, Hey, I have to tomorrow
I have to get up early because I have to go to
the unep is fine. That's it, nothing's happening, that is.
There are several conferences that I have given in
some university recently also did it
we gave at the University of Seville
because
I had a chat with the rancid one
You know who the rancid one is, who is a
He is a kid who interviewed me in his
Julio Mu radio program
very good people from here in Seville a a
The machine is worth it, it has several books and so on.
Okay
And that's it, so they call me.
Well, I'll go if I'm interested and if I can, yes.
No, well, nothing. No, it's already there. Nothing happens.
So when this chick starts to
tell me that I say well that's it
first thing that came to my mind
I say, so what?
You know and how does this one know about Unesi?
I didn't say anything. Of course, I started to give it to him.
back and the first thing I thought was
Of course because on Thursday, Thursday I
They sent me a message from the girl who
I was organizing this and Javi tells me sorry
inform you have you seen the "ni cocado"
doomed yes brutal Hey but IV has also
got quite a bit eh saw the r this that
he went up and went and went and went strong too
change eh it's going well the girl is going well
Thursday he sent me Hey, you have to
cancel Because we have been told that we
let's focus only on the academic and not
So then I'm not going anymore.
Julbe who is this journalist here who
collaborate with me on the main channel
Vale is a journalist who lives in
Thailand is also a friend of
Trium and Joaqun Campos and others Total
that the first thing that came to me was
head was Well then this surely
It's that she's looking for my name and
and he's spying on me, like, okay, I say
Well, maybe it has been found.
with this poster on the page and
then maybe one has put it
The poster without us will have said
Okay, well, why were you here before?
not now
are
okay something like that I imagined I say as I
They are watching all day more than my
own followers I say Well maybe
eh It's that UNEP has published first
the poster with me and then the poster without
me and she will already be insinuating why
They've thrown something or something at you
so no no pros it has not been like that It turns out
be that she
eh, it's been since yesterday, okay, since
yesterday Not since the same Thursday putting
posting tweets that I hadn't noticed
account no one had told me Okay then
I don't understand what these people say
I can't put on everything myself
What people say about me? I mean, I don't know.
Many people talk about me throughout the day
people believe that people believe
that anyone who does a live show or
everyone who makes a video of me or everyone
that puts a thread on me, people think it's
because I know everything
What do they say about me? You don't answer "I don't know"
who made you that I don't know
My son, he sends me places.
When I sit here he commands me
places or the equipment that we have to
the topics that are important and
we discuss important topics from time to time
from time to time I do get here
answer You are in your chair but for
laugh for laugh's sake Not because there are no topics
or whatever but I don't understand
every single thing that any cute guy says
I can't do it, it's impossible, okay, not even
I hadn't even realized that there was
an article in the reason eh about that
Javi oliveira was going to be a speaker at
a university, that is, look at the
article the son that how uncle this is
news this is news the Daniel case
Sancho object of study in the
distance learning with Javi
oliveira as speaker tat ta tat ta no and
They release this article, okay, and they are very
Well no, I mean, eh. Let's see. I don't know.
I'm used to these things, not from
get in the press When I say something and
all that nonsense is worth it, maybe you
you see it as you see it and it happens
unnoticed but I these things then
no I don't usually search my name in the
press or things like that because no
It is not my custom to see myself in the right
true because I'm going to be one
conference you know but well it turns out to be
that
It turns out that she had been there since
Thursday is worth putting this type of
insinuations no
Hey, does anyone know why the speaker Javi
oliveira Does not appear in the program of the
UNEP for the crime of Daniel Sancho What
ha
past what has happened
Of course, it already starts with its
insinuations and I see that on Thursday
I've been knowing about Sancho for a while now.
but I didn't say anything and it's going to be very
fat is going to be very fat as it is already clear
were implying that I
I had been fired from my job this time
something very
fat
Of course I had discovered the university
Something about me that was very big that was not known and
well well well see that's the
information I have and here she says
Look if at some point I thought of others
people and I felt sorry for them now I will look
on the other hand, it's that simple, okay here
She is referring to her and Jan
flat when they have done live shows saying
that they are going to be like a campaign and send him
things to YouTube so they can close me
channels Okay, so she with her mouth
little one has sometimes told me
It makes me feel sorry for the children that she stays
people without income, the family without income
Okay, and here what you're saying is that
it is no longer valid
and the one made public the cancellation
No, but because it's not that it's not something
It's not a topic you know what I'm telling you was not
a media issue or so but she is
here already insinuating that he doesn't care that
I'm out of work and he doesn't care about me
children who are already indulging in their evil deeds
Okay
and you know what was something very
fat you know what something very was
fat that sounded weird Wait what
It turns out that I see that apart from that in
On Twitter, Tania uploads this video.
This video that she has put together or she is
They have set it up so that I can put it on the spot
look at it and tell me what you think
account
I'm already a few years old
experience in these people in this type
of people Of course when I see this
video I see that what she mounts here is
This screenshot of
screen If you see this first screenshot
The screen shows that at 12:10 on Tuesday
There is a break and at 12:20 the second one
part that is mine and Luis's
okay And then there's another capture where already
They have deleted us and it says at 2:10
University Question Round
discovered that not to make a mess of it, a kiss
ugly boy okay And of course I'm here
The first thing I thought was
Well, because what she told me in the
chat come tell your 1600 why
There were 1,600 spectators, tell them what
has happened tell them what has happened to me
all this surprise is worth it of course and when
I see this video and I tell you, but Tania, I mean
You have come across this news in
the reason that neither I had
heard some news about me in the
reason is worth that neither I had realized and
And what have you gone to look for it on the page?
from the UNEP to see if it was true and it puts me
in the chat Yes, when I saw the
news of the
reason is that when I saw the news of
The reason I went to the UNEP page
contrasting the information is like you do not
why do you have to contrast to the
information is not about you, it is not a topic
that you are going to treat, that is, what information
you have to What information do you have to
try to contrast who you are
You are a journalist, that has to be it.
hire the journalist who has done
the article
Okay, so according to her it is already
It's bad from here because you're bad
you find you have news about Javi
smell and go to the website of the
Adrian University Thank you very much
uncle you go to the website of the
university to see if it's true Let's see
What time does Javi Oliveira speak? This would be
to see what time Javi Oliveira speaks
or to call or to or to see if she
I could see it in
direct okay of course and seeing the screenshots
I realize one thing that I already
I have experience in this for many years
years Well I fell okay it would be normal for you
you come across this capture on Thursday
when reason takes out the take out the
article worth You come across this
capture at 12:10 in which
I know I'm not on the website
Okay, but of course the problem is that here
Tania shows us that she has a capture
of the
after and
ahead you understand it
has a catch
ahead when I was on the poster
on the page
web and has a screenshot of the
then why did you take a screenshot
ahead Why did you take a screenshot
in front it assumes that you went to contrast
the information when you saw it in the
reason why you have a screenshot of the
Before and after as if they knew
No, I mean, you were the first time.
you were during the first time Many
Thanks for the love and you got this one
capture And then how did you know that what you
took the plunge and you went to see. Total that
Little things are coming out, little things are arriving
little things worth collecting them for
this case and it turns out that there is
a YouTuber defending Daniel Sancho
a defender of Daniel Sancho is worth it
to me
They say that I
They say A boy tells me
next okay And he's looking for me All
The catches and all certificates and
as Javi Tania says and this girl is
call Bella they talk okay Tania has
appeared in some chat in some live
of this girl putting you down
That's what this guy tells me, okay?
that there is public evidence that Tania
With this girl we talk and what she has
appeared in the chat okay says look they have
crossed a line and I'm coming for you
All the captures I don't know what I know how much
Okay, and look what this girl says.
Okay, look what this girl says.
quietly live with this
capture of
screen good as
You see here on the unet eh on the channel
because there are many people who have studied
at UNED because it is the University
National at a distance, eh gentlemen of the
Victoria unet on the 10th and one day
to study the case of Daniel Sancho
I did as a former student of the center
Talavera associate in the diploma
I want to bring this to your attention
that a person who is going to participate is
a man who is convicted of harassment
other people this what this says
directly this lady eh this lady
okay so the capture belongs to a
lady
I sincerely send you the videos of the
person the person is Javi Oliveira with
various channels and does unethical things
and they should not give him a voice in a
university gentlemen of the un
and as a former student of the I Want
put in your
knowledge that you have of a person
who is convicted of harassment
clear
Hey
Here I understand that this
capture is someone's that
message is sent by someone who has been
In UNEP we would now have to
find out who
That is difficult to prove
obviously
I imagine that until then
Yesterday they sent me this by
secondary school example I have my bachelor's degree
then I did a higher degree and then
After 2 years I completed a medium degree and
then I studied law at the V university as well
then I changed the
unet are little things are little things this proves
that she sent the message to the university
Man, no, we still need more of this.
things we still obviously need
more things
but very few people for more people
that I have behind me, no matter how crazy I am
I see very few people behind them
capable of no longer letting you send a complaint
somewhere Hey, have you contacted Javi?
oliveira and Javi oliveira is too much
handsome, I don't know, okay, but send him a
message telling him
and sending him videos of Joan
I don't see many people flat
capable of that
eh, not even my own haters give it a damn
ball to Joan Planas alone
Tania I mean if you have something that
send someone to make me look bad
you have many other things you know but one
That man's video is not a good one
tool I also tell you eh I have you
What to say, just as I tell you, I tell you that
One thing I think is the cancellation of the
Vale presentation and on Monday they are going to give it to me
confirm it has not been because these people
have sent that
message I think not because they had not
Luis Garrido would not have been fired.
canceled Luis Garrido that Luis did not
My poor thing is to blame for what happened
the stupid things I do in
internet me
you understand it has not been for that reason or that is the
have been cancelled because they were falling into the
plans blah blah blah blah it's worth it
cancellation has surely been due to another
reason they usually do this is worth a lot
They usually do this a lot because
eh because many times the own
Companies look at the channel if they have done it
they did it in the sixth when
I was on a research team
recording the report before it is
publish there was a lady who is such a
But as Tesa is saying, of course
the intention is the same they have it
whether achieved or not the intention is the same
the intention is then in the
sense that this is punishable that
Pablo told me that we would have to
study it because what counts is the
intention Since they have achieved it no
that is not it
We know about pamplin Yes it was because it is the
only time the only time I
remember that they have listened to you
Someone has something to say about them going
en masse to call him was the clowns' thing
from pample Anica the buffoons of the
those Pampling t-shirts
They participated in the moving against me. Vale
and then I saw them
promoting convicted people is fine.
that it would not occur to me to write to
a company or label a company
to harm anyone's work I know
I have to tell someone something.
I say I'm not going to a company to try
take away work, you understand?
I won't buy myself one of the pamplin ones.
T-shirt of them never in life
more because you can't come or rather it is
that you realize that we are above
channels with channels
with channels with my theme no
controversial channels that you always have Well
groups of YouTubers who are against
yours and I don't know what you can't avoid
that there are specialist people like this who
start writing a brand to him and send him
an email to I don't know who you are, that's not it
You can avoid it but you have to be there
you as a company as a Community of no
pay attention to those things that you
come, that is, those of the sixth when they
The sexes came to tell Javi
Oliveira has not been harassed, he is being harassed.
inventing the stalker is him when
They saw the profiles and said, "Come on, man."
Now another thing is that you send me one
you know what I'm telling you, a test of some
crime or something
You know, I hope Victoria's unet
say something because that message is going to be seen
UNEP will be obliged to do so
who sent the message and then when
It is known who sent that message
Well, I understand that we will look there
whether or not he is related to this girl
Okay, but what am I telling you?
Look, they sent me the girl from UNEP.
which is organized by a message at 6:30
the afternoon to tell me Hey Javi that
In the end we have to cancel the second one
part because pin patapam is worth 6:30
And Tania puts the tweet at 7
In my personal opinion, at least that
I knew she wrote the tweet the message or
I didn't send it, at least I knew it.
at least
Hey tarantula, I think the reason for the
Cancellation has not been that, I am not surprised
I'm very happy that you pay attention to a video
to some video clips or that is that You
realize that for that reason everyone
could this is like when they get to
say that I saw it today on Twitter eh
Because these are lies that they have told
other youtubers no How good that the
People start reporting my videos and
Put the videos in Yellow, let's go
See, I don't know, they can't put them on you.
videos in Yellow because another person
I will report the video to you if they report you
the video Well, you will review the video if
has breached any Rule to remove it or
It's not worth it but to put take off your
YouTube doesn't take away your monetization.
because people report your video is
that by that rule of three I do not
monetize from years ago with people who
I have
On top of that, this is a group of people that I have.
This is something that I have and that I don't
I know if I have already normalized it, but this is going
to be a lifelong community with
We are going to live this all our lives and also
they are joining together you know for
see if being the largest group they do
more strength and that's how they've been since then
for years and years and years eh And what are we doing?
It's better for us to do better. Look at 15 million.
visiting the main channel 00.000
new subscribers to the channel
main this month 6 or 7 million
Salseria, damn you're telling me, you know?
we just broke the membership record
that we have ever had on this channel
3400 members among the gossip are coming
little things okay I'm already in the gossip I'm already saying it
Ok, I'll set a date for it in a few days.
I already have it when I return from the program with
Marina on her return from the gatherings
interviews we have now too
We are covering a large
Brother, what can I say? I don't know if that's it.
makes them more angry Or what's going on
Well, of course they have thoughts of
It's been a year since I was liquidated and here I am not
They are going to liquidate me, they have been doing that for a long time.
2016 17 these began to join together
groups against me do you remember that
They gathered to put me ex do you remember
that you were not there but I am
talking about when I was 30,000
subscribers and here we are and if one day
they eliminate us they manage to eliminate it
YouTube channel Because so many people join and
They do so much boyot that they get
delete it because we will be in
Facebook or Twitter lati La uti 50
But what does it do, but without anesthesia?
Thanks a lot, man, do you remember?
when they wanted to close my channels for
balls that in the end the guy ended up
reported because I said I was leaving
leaving do you remember when that and I
but I always have those people behind me and they
they go and what it does is that when they agree
The years go by and they get in and
they are all joining together
groups to see how Well, I have it
normalized as something we're going to
having to live the whole race and now
This will go away, they will sue the
that Pablo decides to denounce
those that Paul will be denouncing
and so it will go, my thing is appealed, no
the appeal is still being filed
because it is until the end of the month but now
the lawyer is working on it
practically it is eh practically it is
My mother appealed
a lot but let's go that even if it is
confirm that it
I lose. Well, if I lose it, I'll pay for it.
I have already said the sentence many times
Sometimes I don't eat like them because if I lose it
I will judge the sentence and pay him his
Murti Take for having told you I don't know what and
See you later Mari Carmen. So what do you mean?
Do you think I'm going to say that I have
lost the the murta be Clear that the
I will pay, I have to take care of it
that I say and what I have said I have
said for some reasons and what I have not
said because I have not said it because also
They have put things that I have not said but
that is not a crime, it is not a
Stealing is not a bottle throwing, it is not a no, it is not a no
a thousand things, man, what are you doing to me?
telling that and I insulted someone 5 years ago
years What do you want me to tell you, you know, but
is that he has nothing to hold on to, uncle
trying to stain you to try to step on you
to try to stop you from continuing
growing is tremendous is tremendous but
Okay, but you have money to pay.
I don't have enough money if I don't have it.
We finance and we will pay what we are going to
be or we put a barilla here
you help
you haven't been tarnishing your image for a while
time but they are incredible because
above all they are all there to see it and
that's why they are falling
They [ __ ] you put on something else and that's it
you know but of course then you see them is that
They are all to see it, they are all to see it
F la Tania eh F la
Tania But well, what happened yesterday was portrayed
Hey, it was photographed yesterday, but what if not what?
if she did not portray herself as such by commanding
the gr message in which it is or in between
They, as they have organized themselves, give me
it
same if it gives me
same but it was completely ridiculous
because she came on top of it
Proud as I was going to insinuate
something very ugly very
strong she came as something proud
like the one that something very ugly very strong
tell him tell him and more capital letters
tell your followers
Tell him why they took your
presentation
you feel proud of why you have
sent a
Clear message She had been believing in her
mind in his little mind that that was it
a good idea and that's it and they will have
put there to get dirty and
To Javi, go online and search.
things about her But Raquel What do they matter
her things are [ __ ] [ __ ]
she matters nowhere
We uploaded her here, we uploaded her here, we uploaded her here
I laughed in a debate and that's it
character as when in chronicles
Martians took the Crdenas to the
freak or rather, no matter what the [ __ ] it is,
people what she has what she does
What matters is what Loli has of her. That
Yes, it matters, huh? When Loli is lucky, that's it.
It turns out that we'll see if he's lucky.
sometimes because Tania is not going to
Raising your voice like Loli will never, ever happen
It is never worthwhile to criticize Loli.
to call me Dallas puppy because I
Dallas, I don't hit it hard, it's like no no
You don't hit hard on Loli, I'm on Dallas.
Look, there are many things that say things that
I don't like them and I tell them and I tell them
to Him even Let's go or so what fear him
I'm not going to have anyone with 40 sticks if
that I have to be afraid is already the a
the
retirement, I have to have it now
fears about the pension were not a joke, okay?
she has the Loli thing that Loli has
It is very strong of her Because I love her
They have told her because she has already told her
told many other people with whom
ha
fought but it doesn't matter anymore
there what there what what matters what
of Loli is because it is a very thing
strong with which she has given a lot
a pain in the ass with a sentence of mine that was a
nonsense about delox and the other one with the
Today's photo is tremendous, What do I fiercely say?
photos have been taken by delox and he has gone to check
the flowers of the delos or
that I don't have to go looking for
things about Tania because Tania told me
I don't give a [ __ ], you understand me. I mean
she I am the protagonist of the
life of all of them but I have myself
that to put to look for things of what
I'm going to work, okay, what are we going to do?
talk today about Daniel Sancho from the past
by yui
of interesting things that we are
Speaking today we are going to talk about the house
It happens that the famous ones don't have an editor.
Today for the main channel today I record a
video of the house of the
famous people you understand me or what the [ __ ] am I going to do?
to talk about her, to look for things about her, I
I'm going to make time for that, well, very good overall.
strong very strong very strong very strong
But I wanted to tell you about it here.
also because it's heavy
Hey Delox took a picture with me.
Roll on
Seriously, let's see no surprises.
no surprises at all, let's see if I can tell you the
I'm really surprised by her
eh Seriously is it true or is it
remaining
with me Ah it's a lie, [ __ ] it is
lie
Oh okay man I would miss you a lot.
because Win michu laughed at him when he
conversation I think that Antonia does
I would talk to him in fact I think he would
They continue but I think that those things
the Antonia I think that
I think that no longer yen much
This incident has not reminded me either
to the kido sending email to para
to ruin your day
promotion are the same types of
profiles Ah, he's already sending me the photos
I was there when you were
3000 a kiss smer eh [ __ ] well heavy
I just haven't arrived. Good afternoon Javi and
We love you so much, churra, in the chat
Long live the mother who gave birth to you, hands
clapping hands clapping hands
clapping face throwing a kiss a
kiss face throwing a kiss red heart
A damn thank you thank you all Hey
where we are going
where are we going to take the salseria with
members to see who is me
speaking now
They have already sent me the photo here to see what
I tell you, well, everyone is in
On vacation there are people who pretend
route seeing tourism to see something that
like it and there are people who do the route
tourism to see things in Dallas, I
I have no idea how it will have been done
the truth is the things of
I've been with you longer than with her.
diet Hey then I think that now
between Pinto and
Valdemoro between whistles and
flutes between whistles and flutes we have
past in this live the 3500 members
eh I think
See, we almost have 60 members so far.
What happened to you live? 60 Ah, that's it
There is one who has given away 50 the crazy one
ati
Just a moment, I'm going to get some water and let's go.
Let's talk about Fran's thing, okay?
yesterday we put some effort into our legs, man and
I'm with an object that doesn't see
Man, yesterday we put some effort into our legs.
after the holidays and
others and you go wrong
uncle a
See, several things happened and there is one
important development on the Fran issue
that he called me and well he called me
yesterday and told me but this morning he told me
called and told me that we could
comment is ok
and in fact in fact Fran uploaded this
video Also the other day that I didn't
I was commenting
because I think that this video was uploaded
While I was on a trip, I didn't look at it 4 years ago.
clear days I was traveling then
I didn't comment on it but he also uploaded it.
he to his channel Thanks Javi gref and everyone
you you you you
You guys, this guy is an idiot, huh?
we should remove the sanctuary here
uncle is stupid eh
And I wanted to thank everyone.
who have been there there have been people who
anonymously has helped all this has
there have been people who are streamers and youtubers
influencers who have anonymously
have been helping there are many others
influencers who have contacted Fran
eh they have been helping him too every
one of several ways is worth By the way by
true By the way by
TRUE
eh the theme of the video game of
fortnite is
so that you can put it on
very hard brutal
brutal kids kids
They are trying to get a little thing
A little detail here and there that will
be
brutal Well I don't know how long it will take But
Well I understand that I understand that in a
less than a month I understand that in less than
a month it
we will have But it will be very very very
cool okay
Oh, let's see, stick to her and walk with her.
because it's that I'm lando But
Well, you, it's like going with three
Children, Fran seems to be in a different mood now.
It's true that the state of
spirit is very fat and can't
walk and above all I want to thank
Obviously Javi Oliveira is worth Javi
oliveira and from
grz
because because they have come to
here to do something
eh with his time with his work and in the
gref's case also with his money How
that gref said that his favorite animal
of the santoor was crazy and would return for
He shouldn't freak out so much, let's see.
Honestly, I've already said it here many times.
I repeat it again sometimes, it doesn't matter to me
has frankly no gratitude for anything
Obviously I will always be there
for him for everything that is in my power
Okay, I don't have the same ones ...
same possibilities as gref
Obviously that is not in my hands.
It's my thing but with what's in me
hand will always have me Why
Because he is one of those people with whom
that I will always be there and I believe
There are already more than enough reasons to return them
to repeat but that's how it is That's how it is
that it is in my hands you know or within
of my
Chances are Tania accused you in the chat
that you investigate it
What she says: Well, she does investigate.
to the people Salome who began to say and
threaten the donkey and Elena that he was going to
get a lot of [ __ ] out of him
investigating about her then of course
We are going to add all of these ingredients
adding and it is normal for people to think
evil of
she I know that many people look at Javi gres
They have also paid all their expenses
man It would be good It would be
good that we went to collaborate and and
let's see these
part out part of that I always go
a ha for Fran Whatever is in my hands
make it worth it And I think it is one of the few
very few people for whom I would do
something like that in the friendships I have
The internet is always a pleasure to help
Fran uncle
because apart from the fact that it is a pleasure, it is in the
sanctuary gives pleasure the experience gives
I like being with animals, look with
the animals at the sanctuary have something wrong with me
I'm sure I'll explain it to you in one
very simple way okay I'm going to a
farm a field or something like that and I don't
I like to throw myself on the ground, I don't like it
I don't like to touch animals.
I am not I am not a person like that
Another day there were people bothering me
the comments because I said that no no
I am a real urban planner, to be honest.
and I am very urbanistic, I am very such, you know, and
so what happens but in the case of the
sanctuary I sit there on the chair and
She's gone climbing around here, she pees and she
he pees and leaves
and there it was not er dala and me What does what
happens What does it do What does it do around here until
Now herd is out there in the chat
Hey
And look, for example, Eda likes them a lot.
the bugs gave me yes it was ereda me
Fran telling that he was leaving alone for the
sanctuary to see things and to sit with
an animal and with another animal I know you know
As you know, when someone doesn't like it
like children and yet
I was showering for our date but
This is me, those who go to the sanctuary
make humble a heron kiss but this one
uncle always comes to see me when he
is showering I'm already starting to
think well or whatever but this guy always
This guy always comes to see me in the
bathroom have you noticed that roll
apart from that, of course, if you are showering
how are you with the cell phone in your hand
writing I shouldn't have done that
question but it's always the same eh No
I'm here in the bathroom I'm not here such
It's always the same
Uncle, I mean, what do I know? You don't like to see me in
the living room or you don't like to see me no no always
I'm not always in the bathroom watching you
with one hand on the mobile phone, the other on the hose
from the shower of course
You know this, there are a lot of people
Eh, I know a lot of people who say no no.
I don't like little children alone
I like mine, that happens a lot, okay?
that you don't like children because
general because they shout because I don't know
many people who do not like them
little kids but you just like them
yours or your nephews no eh Well to me
That happened to me a bit with the animals of the
sanctuary, that is, there I endure what
be there they put spiders on top of me
puts
a cricket gets on me a monkey gets on me
the kangaroo is hooked all day or
be and I'm happy I'm happy I'm
You understand then that I will help you.
Obviously I will always help you in
Everything in my power is a
person who has changed my life
contributed a lot and is a human being
very special her a kiss many
Thank you and whatever is in my power. Well
It will always be there. Okay, obviously.
right now in 2024 Maybe 2030 is
different But right now in 2024 Well
my possibilities are not the same as
maybe gref you understand me then
Well, all things considered, I think that
We have done what we could but it is
What I'm telling you is that
above you are there is a
experience you are lucky to be able to
be there to be able to be there
sanctuary at Fran's house and participate
in this not later
eh then apart I was going to say something I
the head has gone uncle
Ah well yes that's it for me
greater sacrifice you know yes that
This time I had a bad time, I had a regular time
This trip is the subject of separating myself
There you are going to laugh at me but
being separated from my wife for so many days, you know
I mean, it's complicated for me, you know what I mean?
complicated
Look, the other time I moved further away
days even of the children but it was like
different because we both went together and
And then we were both together it was
a trip we were both taking
together enjoying the two of us together
experience Okay and whether you like it or not, well
The children are with my parents, which is
as if they were with me or rather me
I could go calmly because when they are
with my mother it's as if they were
with me or better not but he was with
I was with her but of course I was alone now
separating from my wife for so many days
Ugh, I understand, it was like, Ugh, it cost me the
life eh It cost me my life I remember that
in the car on the way to Madrid I was not
I want to go, I don't want to go, I'm not going ...
I want to go I don't want to go I don't want to go no
I want to go, I don't want to go and and getting on
the plane I don't want to go I'm not going I'm not going
I'm going back, I'm not taking that away
eh removing that that
delighted to have gone delighted to
having gone, let's go in fact I already tell you or
I'll be back I'll be back I'll be back I'll be back
evidently Dalas or
crazy man at the moment I have more
Crazy at the moment I have more Ros with Crazy
No, he has not let himself be seen.
still but
Well, we will be there whenever you want.
missing okay And what about gre Well it has me
It also seemed very nice because
[ __ ] it's true that he has it
better more possibilities more facilities
that I don't and more resources But oh well
It's also very good because the [ __ ] not
I had to do it, I had to do it
I had no obligation, you understand?
It's been [ __ ] great and Fran has been
I'm very worth it, do you understand me? I mean
It has been worth a lot, it is almost a push
a very big push
fat You have more grace too is
true I know that many people have been
saying things like Ah, they are some
profiteers have gone there to get
I don't know what I don't know how much has been done but
really eh What visits have they gotten
in a video I think that the work that
They have done this here, we have already talked about it
Okay, we've talked about it many times.
I repeat again
Hey, the videos have had a lot of views.
Well, look next time I go.
I will try to have few visits to the sanctuary
I will put a limit on the videos.
a stop and I'll say Oh look please here
that these do not have many visits
Videos please. I mean, it's not going to solve my problem.
Life is not going to change me at all.
my economy eh precisely also the
videos that have had the most views
These are videos that I would have had without going or
be the three interviews, both the one that
I made Fran like the one I made to the
children those interviews would not have been
mine Equally or
Sea fox and sape would not have gone to
talk to the TV or any other channel
YouTube wouldn't have gone to it, it costs you more
the plane ticket, let's see, is that
economically I would have gained a lot
more at home because they are I don't know if they were
in total a week or how many days but
Every day of work of mine is money
you know and the ticket is very expensive and all the
roll but well you know but what
precisely the interviews would have
been mine Likewise without going or Fran
He has already said it many times and always
They call it TV, what I call it
I have to say what I say on the Channel of
Javi Fran has decided so point
before I still uploaded some channel some
another channel but he doesn't even say that anymore
clarinet is worth it I what you that Yes in the
Javi's Channel No but it is more It is
who today did a live show at Kick for
to comment a little on the situation and what
The first thing he did was call me
In the morning Javi, we have already said it
that I don't know what it is you always know me
is giving but look at you, eh, that even
when he went out to speak when he went out to
talk about what was happening to the sanctuary
He came here to the salseria and took me in
direct and uploaded What happens is that I uploaded it
here instead of the main Canal because
I didn't expect it, I thought it was something
that was going to be solved that it would be a
discussion that would be saved a few days later
Ok but I didn't know I was going to have so much
relevance is worth
And it's that people are idiots, people are
very stupid people that really I
when are those nonsense uncle that
they try to do something good for
balls see something bad you know and then the
the gref let's see I don't know what benefit
I can get gref yes it is true that
the videos have had a lot of
incredible visit I don't know if there will be
Kick has paid something
more but I say it the same thing or rather
I don't care if you want to win
money with this that I don't care what
has won because Ok, well yes he has
won, well, well, okay, well, yes, he won
money doing this on the way that
was there, poets gave him 100,000 turkeys
To Fran, what do you want me to do?
say you know in fact eh for my taste of
made to my liking I have missed
some supergres streamers
that they were waiting for me, that they were going like
participate more yes it is true that there is
Many who have written to me Javi this
How much money is used to solve the problem? How much
Fran wants money, I don't know what kind of things
you know obviously gref will have a huge
tarantula benefit I don't think it is
a life-changing benefit to see
Maybe Kick has paid him a fortune
eh I don't know because that's [ __ ] crazy
eh Maybe Ki has suddenly paid him
100,000 more turkeys apart from the 50 that
He has given it to Fran, I don't know, but let's go
I don't care if he has given it to you,
perfect thanks to that because Fran likes it
They've given a 100, you know, I don't care.
that you know that what you
I say Paloma is recording the trees
the work they have done here helps
that they have
has been done both at a professional level
Well
big but at level yes pull pull but at
On a personal level, it has been very useful for me.
Okay, I know they are both characters.
quite controversial on the Internet and that
many people are not going to do it
understand
but I appreciate it on a personal level
Just like Axel Blas I have
I've been waiting for you to comment for a long time.
Well, the last video of the main channel
Rafael watch the latest video of the
main thing is that there is part of Axel that
other people that you haven't seen me
I didn't like Gre and I liked Sanctuary
Yeah man, this one seemed more like it to me.
in the sanctuary but it is true
that will surely be done next week
any of yours and I'll [ __ ] myself again
in gref and tell him that he is an idiot that
I don't know what, but oh well, that will be it.
in another
moment has been supporting
eh without going out without going out okay because there is
people who wanted to be here and haven't
state because we have talked about it
we haven't talked about it and it will come in the
future but this seems to me to be going for the
Dallas, I don't know if it's porer for him
chat yet
but I would say that Dallas is going
soon I would say it's coming soon but I don't know
Yes, very soon. In fact, I think so.
that this same
month but I don't know if they will be
playing if you want to confirm it there
Javi I repeat it When you arrived with Fran
I cried and cried because you gave everything to me
help with all your [ __ ] abilities
But don't tell me it wasn't a great idea
man don't tell me it wasn't a
great moment when suddenly live from
kiik I appear there in the middle of the
cameras don't tell me it wasn't good
That was cinema That was cinema
clear it was sinaco it was without aco
He tells me that the sanctuary has been
saving what you or Gref have earned
well deserved Well I tell you the truth
If I go, I don't know what he will say.
gref But I'll tell you the truth about mine
man there have obviously been videos
that they have had many visits, okay?
obviously
and well yes no no it cannot be denied that
There is a video that has had many views
especially the interviews not good but
more or less what has happened is that
been able to compensate for the faults I have
had in my work what has made me
cost the ticket or so more or less
I have been able to compensate, which is appreciated.
because whether you like it or not
[Music]
mm would have assumed equally that this m
I would have left
eh let's say not very profitable it's worth it
I would have assumed he was going with that idea but
Hey, it was possible more or less.
recover and collect the same salary as
I usually charge every month because
perfect [ __ ] great one for the other
I also tell you one thing and this is not it
I say now and later and it is a lie and
I say it to make it sound good, okay? When
when greev did the he was doing the
Direct from Kick I didn't expect that I
I assumed that Gref would get the
Okay, but I didn't take it for granted that
It will take less than 24 hours, I think.
that he had about half the hours left
No
and I was there in the morning if I had
seen that it was necessary to put it there
a push within my possibilities A
the best 500 1000 you know I know something
so eh Well I would have done a one one
purchase of subscriptions is worth it But the
It is true that it was not necessary either.
he had leftovers he had leftovers
hours 19 hours they achieved it or rather
There were 5 hours left, I thought there were more
I thought he had some left over
more exactly tesa I can't
guess the visualizations I'm going to
have but that's what I'm telling you
Also, well, yes, I have had many
Well, better not what I tell you or that I had
little every month even if I had
few all
months people
I need it, okay? And Fran told me this.
another day is worth it And you can say that good
It has also been a detail that gref for
don't wait for eh Because Fran has indeed
When the money from Kiik arrived, what we did
we in the live that extendable
blah blah blah because the kiik has been charged
Now at the beginning of the month it's okay but of course
They already pay for Gref at the beginning
next month and then what has
made gref so as not to have to wait any longer
Don't let anything change in a month.
Okay, he gave him the money before.
collecting it has been given to fram all
put a snake in the chat to
put this audio if I'm not going to
repent
it's quite
shocking because he scammed me, I'm going to do it
to say yes, of course
look neither 100000 nor milk I'm going to
spend a holiday in the Maldives and
Many thanks brother you have said it
wow, listen to this audio because it's
the money arrived what happens is that you don't
I can send the photo because I am
going to
[Laughs]
eh And it hasn't reached you yet The
money so I really want it
I sincerely thank David, okay?
Thank you very much. I send you a hug.
I need okay. Eh then.
Fran I'm going to say it here, I think
the day will have said in this piece that I am going
Let's see, okay, I'm going to see this piece of yours
I'm not going to watch Kick V in its entirety because
I'm seeing that it's an hour and a quarter
but I'm going to see this piece I understand that
He will have said it but Fran already on Monday or
Tuesday I don't know, Monday or Tuesday it has been
Now to sign the papers is valid for him
name change and
and the story is over for now.
less for now on Wednesday he said
Ah, well I was there on Monday and Tuesday.
I was there but I was there on Monday Tuesday
where
I am here or what where is it
this Ah it's here [ __ ] of course let's see what
I'm coming over here
Little one, I'm here, guys. Okay.
What I was going to tell you Ah
basically the money has already arrived
we have enough money
to pay for the sanctuary to
pay that blackmail
eh or bribery as you want to call it
all the money has arrived
Kick money
to what we had done in the first
direct and the money from Kick that
We won with Gref, he hasn't arrived yet, but Gref
What he has done is send the money himself
before that is to say he has not yet collected
he
money from kiik but he has already sent us the
money that you have theoretically earned
with kiik it is worth something that still honors him
more so because knowing that we
We were waiting for that because he has
said Well look I'll send it to you directly
Me and when the kck thing comes to me it's already there
so what we've done is
talk to the legal team
M crazy I mean with the legal team that
Basically he is a lawyer and a
lady
[Music]
and
let's hope let's hope that for the
Wednesday we can give the good news
Look at the crazy one Look at the crazy one Look at the crazy one
trying to hook onto the sow look
Look, look, you see the crazy one with the chat, right?
You'll see it, okay? But well, I sensed it.
worth today
It is sometimes the people who are the worst offenders
you think they surprise you with the best
gestures This speaks well of Greg
Seeing gref is sometimes very stupid
Okay and there are many times when he does things
that they don't have to be done, okay? But
within the
youtubers let's say
criticizable
Okay, I don't think he's one of the bad ones.
in bad shape
people I see him more as a brat a
jerk sometimes but bad for me
It would be the moror that is bad delox delo
bad You have always said that you don't
you saw bad Let's see, it's that a bad bad
for me it is a one
of it
a one the best
and many others that I think do not do
Men need to say it
we don't laugh and I'm a jerk many times
brat an [ __ ] but the thing about
bad thing about
Bad for Daras, he is the worst person I am.
aas I've heard it on occasion
say the same thing eh or similar eh aas
Dallas has said that it is not like that
the bad guys who don't like you like this and that
which is worth it but bad bad bad for me
Bad is the delox the moror elor I think
that has been crowned with the worst
people of
Internet of the Greats of the Greats
bad bad
people who are better left unnamed
elor the moror is Corona as the worst
that's what I meant to say, it's not being bad, it's not
think very well of
you are saying names out there of course
60 in one go That's bad Felipe 360 is
more than bad That is more than bad That is
more than
bad
mm Felipe is more than
bad dayo I have no [ __ ] idea I've never
commented nothing about dayo I have thought
to make someday some video of dayo
but I haven't, I haven't commented on it
never man
bad man bad there have been several in the
last week
eh bad but bad
Hey
Bad men, there are bad ones, for me, Gref, no.
enters the bad ones
that for them we can give you the good
news always goes with lipstick
out with the kangaroo
uh from
that the sanctuary is already in the name
fox is worth it
Ah I hope there are no more surprises
Okay, I hope there are no more surprises.
true because with these people I don't even know
what to think is worth it I don't even know what to think is
people who live off
I don't know, I don't know, the truth is that I don't know what
thinking is worth it is more important to put a
post or put one
photo of your son when he was little
day of his birthday on Instagram that
send him a message, call him or give him a call
the and crazy and crazy wanting each other c the cda
In these terms we are talking about it
that he is a teenager eh I don't know what anymore
think neither that I trust nor that but I
anyway we have fixed everything
to do it this week and I'll tell you
Hopefully on Wednesday I can give it to you
good news that everything is ready
fixed and the money delivered and crazy
Damn, how annoying you are.
crazy see Fran said on Wednesday but
What can the news tell you?
Wednesday because it is the
Tuesday
Hey, look, dude, he's already [ __ ] himself and how are you?
I say well it will be it will be you know that it is
he eh
already done okay there is a part that needs to be done
deal with then there is a part that has to be dealt with
deal with later
and I'm going to put the phone in
silence is that
There is a part that needs to be dealt with. But
Well, we'll sort out the important stuff.
now is to save there is a part that there is
that's what the Ah dude thing is about
I always forget to ask Fran
What the hell is this about the savannah that doesn't bother me?
It has become clear what the hell is going on
with the
Savannah Yes yes but no
It is not clear to me what it is
pass is sold is not sold is
spoken is not spoken there is a movement
There with the savannah that I don't understand
You saw well that Yui became a
treatment or something like that puts on your
Instagram good pros that it does what
The important thing is to save the the the
thickness of the sanctuary is worth Y
Now and in the future you can mess around with
with another problem that exists here
Ok, but it's very good news, I think.
which I think is very, very good news
believe
that all the support is appreciated
what has what has
there has been because this has been something something
totally unexpected that had been going on for months
with all this problem but obviously
It grew as time went by
time and that and that I saw that things
were getting worse okay but it is
important to leave well
Of course, everyone who has
helped everyone who has supported
either way watching the live shows
watching the videos supporting giving
subscriptions coming here and playing
the skin because because here the two
that Javi and came
David the truth is that I know
They put at risk especially David who
In the end, he didn't care anymore.
I messed with any bug and it was enough for him
maybe there has come a time, it is already that
He didn't care anymore, mind you, there are 25 left.
subscribers on the main channel for
reach 592
Uncle, is there anyone who is not subscribed to the
Main channel
Here Hey Tesa can you put the link there
in the chat because there are 25 missing
we arrived at
592, that is, put the link there and screw it already.
We're going to get there in no time. I think this is it.
We reached 600,000
It doesn't depend on how things are regarding issues and
others on the channel
main we are at 8000 to get to a
600,000 what the [ __ ] is that dude what
moment that happened
Uncle, when did it happen? Uncle
and you wanted to leave it because the truth is that he
main channel was abandoned many
months eh that I left it buried there
I think I made like a video
even farewell no and in the end Look
in the end
Look at the main Cecilia is Javi
oliveira which is my channel because it is my
name and it's my channel and it's where we have
We have uploaded the sanctuary series
where we have uploaded the interviews
It's also my channel, this is just
trash and
gossip is actually missing right now
10 subscribers
only
10 Frank says that without assembling the mini no
the sanctuary is saved host if
the sanctuary of Montal Minini depended
What a drag, no, let's see, I'll tell you too
time we have had eh only in the
journey you ride three or four
Mini and the truth is that it is appreciated
It is to be thanked by everyone
thank you for
that it's good that it was possible
do with the help of everyone I will
continue working the same way I know there is
people who are writing on the networks
nonsense and [ __ ] that if one was
whitening that if the other is
I was taking advantage and winning here all
They have put their own thing here, everyone has put it
an effort
brutal it has been something very beautiful you already know
I say there are people who have not come
Ah, but it has been there in the shadows.
There are people who did not want it to be said
who has contributed a lot of money or
paying subscriptions and I respect that and
There are people, I tell you, who wanted
come and has not been able to come because
because it wasn't the time
But I thank everyone from here
the world that is there, waiting, that is
trying to help there in any way there is a lot
people who are already talking to you
[ __ ] of gref, for me it has been a one
kiss Kenny a brutal act for me and
especially for the sanctuary what has
done something brutal something brutal that
There really could only be one
got him by the kind of person who
is the type of content that makes and and
how does he do it? No, not by saying that it is
better than another simply than for this
for this particular event Nobody
better than him for
Javi contributed a lot because
wine we were doing the live 5
days it was a brutality the truth And
It was spectacular and I'll tell you the rest.
Well, they have helped as they have, as they have
they have been able to do as they have wanted as we have
as we have left them is worth many
You're talking about how Oh look Dallas isn't
Dallas was still sending me
messages now or Dallas supports in what
that has to support eh And he has
fact and other youtubers and others
streamers have done it, that is to say
Plex, let's see, there are many YouTubers.
I don't know if I should say a name because I don't
They wanted me to say the names but
There are many youtubers who have impressed me
called there are many you that have to me
called Javi what to do how much
I put where I enter you know and there are some
who have made deposits anonymously
then be careful not to say anything about
nobody don't say nonsense dude because
many times you don't know it, you know it's there
many that I said Oh but it's that this but
is that the other Do not tell anyone because
You don't know there are some that do, there are others
that no Hey yes it is true that I
some have been missing, I have been missing
some of Javi's stalkers squeeze
hands assemble the mini Thank you very much
Thanks Alan, thanks a lot. Hey.
There are 4100 people in
YouTube 4100 people on
YouTube and we're only missing 600 members
of
nothing to reach 4000 members in
This channel
uncle with half a subscriber each one
we would do uncle do you think it is the
fixed day that Dallas would donate when
was gref I'm not going to lie to you prosac No
I know I don't know but I'm sure that
Dallas somehow I don't know why
I haven't asked them. Look, it was over there.
before in the chat and now that it would be
answering But I'm sure that some
help in some way or form
Dallas has participated in this 100% if not
Fran, well, I wouldn't be mentioning it.
Simply neither for good nor for bad
But be careful, eh, look over there, you piece of sun
Give a Monse member and give another Tesa member.
give 10 eye eh what's here 4100
people eh 4100 people eat the
600 that we are missing in a pleas plan no
no tesa what are you saying is that tesa likes it
It would be a great pleasure to reach the
4000 members uncle the millord donated alone
to get attention to see Look eh
What do I say to you, just like I said to you about Gref?
What do I tell you? Well, I care if it has happened.
profited I care if he has won such a me
It matters if you speak to me grees ha
It turned out very well, I didn't think so.
Nice the time you've been there and
I really liked Gref in this one.
situation but just like I tell you that
Better tell you he's an [ __ ], that is to say he is
that literally is a jerk Natalia a
kiss I don't know what the [ __ ] you're insinuating about
first for days that it was a scam
then mess with Fran then start to
insult him and when you've already seen everything
intern on top suddenly as if to
take the weight off the Chilean issue or not me
I know what nonsense you are doing, donating 2000
turkeys that don't even have
senseless because he doesn't know how to ask for forgiveness
tried to clean up the [ __ ] yes it is like
We're joking. Look, I don't give it to you, it's not like
No man, ask for forgiveness, you've ended up like that
worse But the Although he asks for forgiveness Although
I asked for forgiveness, okay?
It is true that it has already been crowned as that of the
worst people in the world, that guy
It is bad and regrettable as well and very
pathetic and also a monkey dude is a monkey
literally it is a monkey but by the
intelligence, eh, that is, short, short
short the first day he wanted to come
with the money here to pay
Okay, so as I tell you, there is
many things that I don't know on the outside
You see that you don't see them But I have it in
counts forever okay There are some
words also from this boy from
coscu that I truly appreciate
Okay
because because removing differences or
removing whatever has said some
very nice words and the truth is that
I also appreciate it and more streamers
and more youtubers that I can't see now
remember Thanks Pili but above all the
words of many people who are
anonymous who are not streamers who are not
youtubers and I read it, I see it and the
It really excites you to see that there is so much
kocu was smart eh or so because in
your situation would have been very difficult
paw if he had said well it falls on me
Bad Fran because Fran is Dallas's friend
or because Fran said this
It was a smart move for me.
smart because he would have thrown himself away
people on top and in their situation already
would have been the you know then he did it
said the right thing Lara a kiss knew knew
there to act, he knew how to react in the
comment Hey, look what Fran has
said about me Fran doesn't know me as
person
and in the end it's true, eh, I mean,
Better later, you'll meet the kid today.
of today and well you know and he is not a kid
bad but it is true that it has that
[ __ ] from the past no
and it's there and well I think it is
a stain that will always be there because
It's very serious and this is the internet you know and
has not patched it, has not recognized it
you don't know, well, but
but he knew how to react well because of course
What he said was to wish Fran the best.
which is what anyone has to say
person at that time with two two of
front is that without more you know if there was
said otherwise would have acted as
the best ape would have already been there
buried the
ccu that sees what you do as something
important or as something nice like that
entertains them or as something that can
change little things no And that for me is
very important very very
important in general everyone
has behaved very well, there has been movement with
the topic of whether they were going to go on TV
that they were going to say such and such in the end
Do you want me to tell you the route of everything?
This is very very short it wasn't it wasn't
a
It wasn't a soap opera, it was simply
that you work with very people. So that
you are having this problem with people
very volatile with people changing
constantly sharing opinions with people who don't
has
responsibilities nor does he know what they are
the economic problems do not even know about
everything that is having a schedule
long and hard work every day
to do things not then because it was
very difficult to deal with all this
It was very difficult to reach agreements and
final well it seems that already this week Ah
an agreement is reached and we go and
Now I don't know if it says Yara or Lara Yara Noa
Thank you so much
heart the money is here the money is
It's going to be spent on cars
houses or whatever the hell they want
it gives me
maybe we just arrived at
592,000 subscribers on the channel
major
main what will be before what will be before
family the 4000 members here in the
salsera the 4000 members in the
salsa bar or the 600,000 on the main
Note that I thought many times
[Music]
Look, I thought about it many times.
of
in it
I think that Nikocado is headed this way.
I think what they are doing makes sense
saying
Hey, about this change
physicist Thank you very much beautiful This change
physical in 7 months to prove that
can if you change if you do a
physical change like this in 7 months you have yourself
that operate the skin
And then what I see here is meaning
is that I have taken and recorded a lot of
videos you record a lot of videos and you
They have been publishing that is what I
I think what happened there was that they were videos
programmed and the physical change has already
did it already started two years ago
but I want to thank all the
people you have been supporting for the
sanctuary no longer for me because end of the
day, well, I can dedicate myself to something else
or do something else and make money but
especially for what you have done for
that the sanctuary stays where it is
so that you don't have to move and about
everything so that the animals are
Don't worry, this is a before and after
later in my life I already told you I am
very
Quietly, I haven't even been able to enter
do live shows with Cristina and Pablo
because I'm up to my neck in things all of them
the days are
say I'm up to my neck
we are up to our necks in things
trying to make everything work
that everything is going well I have been very
stressed very screwed very kiss Adriana
I'm still tired and very anxious.
a lot
anxiety But but well we have
achieved as I tell you for the moment already the
money is here
and I think on Wednesday And on top of that I
I'm catching a cold and I think the
Wednesday, everything is done, everything is done, the end
removed thing that is good eh many people
has been talking things around there
There have even been journalists and people who are
talking things out there
And as you know, I have to go three
days a week Now to Bangkok And if
I alternate and at the end one thing and
another my children are living in a
house that we have rented since
a month ago they are fine zen is
super happy and really
To the or elin Thank you very much Very much
thanks W having done that is very very
positive for Wow 50 members kids
for everyone What I tell you is that in
the moment the sanctuary is at
fox name i'm going to block this one
person from all sides eh I don't want
know more about her H I keep telling her
my children who are still their mother
and that they contact her, that they talk to her if
want and what and what they will eventually do
having to talk to her because she is his
mother But I from the moment that
finish
this is this blackmail and it is and it is
pay and the ransom is paid. That is to say that
pay the blackmail Well the truth is
that I don't want to know anything at any level
If you ever need help if my
children ask for help I will give them what
need to help you But I
From that moment on I am very sorry.
I want to know nothing about these people, okay?
They are very toxic people, very volatile people.
I tell you and especially people who live a
fantasy world that isn't real eh No
It's real with what
which you can be an actor an actress a
model but if you don't earn money or you
They pay a [ __ ] because you can't carry
a rich life and when you want it
other people pay for your party. Then it comes.
a moment in which those people tell you
that no and it has happened but oh well
saying
I repeat this I want to thank everyone
world to all of you who have
been there for real from the heart there is
many people who are saying look at you
Before you said that you didn't sell yourself, you have
a price
It's that for me I have already told you many times
Sometimes I have to go down to hell and
I have to bow my head for the people
I want who the hell said that
nonsense, I mean in fact I think that
From now on this also has to
serve a little Fran experience in the
meaning of several things for example theme
I would get involved in politics a little bit, that is
political issue that if progress is not
progressive that if flag that if no flag
If so, I would get involved in that topic.
little because in the end its content is
of animals this is a content for
people from the left from the right from the top
and from below it is worth it And although everyone
Let us know based on some opinions that
and some things that
of his inclination as is known
I think mine is not suitable
get into that because in the end it can
make comments that bother you
people of a certain thought and that's it
That is, in a plan they can be thrown
land himself on top so then I
I think so if you have this content and
Your content is about animals. Well, you have.
animal content and that's it
obviously to see if you want to give your opinion
something specific about some movement in
concrete always with respect and with
you know what I'm telling you, a certain tact
Ok but
No, no, don't close doors on me either.
you understand and then topic topic sponsor I
Yes I think and I'm looking at some things
I'll tell you, I haven't told you yet.
nothing but I do think that it has to
be sponsored Sanctuary
by
some know whites I mean imagine
Croc Coca-Cola Pepsi that kind of sponsor
Yes, I do think they should be
here you know what I'm telling you or
be it companies that have no [ __ ] or that
they don't have anything behind them or I don't know but
yes there has to be
sponsor you know and that's it and without more no
nothing happens, it's not selling anything, they're just selling you
paying because they are there appearing their
marks on your visibility without further ado
you're not going to catch gamblin you know but one
good brand that I'm sure you do or because of it
sanctuary that is an important part of me
life and my responsibility I do it and
I don't care if they call me a thousand things and
They say that it lowers my prices right now
none but I'm trying there
get a few things, probably everything
world with that price
is when that price is Look what
You'll see
what you are going to see now
Ah when that price is this that you are going to
see
Now for me this does have a price and
is that all
These animals that you are seeing there have
born here and I see and born this year
Look at the peacocks, look at all these
What are you seeing all these turkeys?
years were born here were born this year were
chicks I saw them chicks And if I have
that put a price on my ass to my face
I pulled down my pants and they were chick
when I saw it and I will do it for
This then more than anything for those who
They are saying that on the networks, so it is
I will do it, I will do it with pleasure because for me the
see this ibay He said live that he
tried to contact someone to
help those who were born here to me not
He wrote uncle with me, eh, we're seeing
There are the babies with the mothers who are already
These little babies are quite big. This is
Spectacular, he hasn't written to me and eh
It hasn't been for me, let's understand that he
will have some way to contact
Fran is 100% sure but he still
with me he has direct contact, that is, there
we have the could have sent me a
quick message and I don't get it from me
At least no, eh. He hasn't written to me, wait.
I'm going to look, guys, this is it
spectacular
And if it is worth getting off the
pants plus talk to someone
Of course I have said that many times and
I will continue saying for myself at the level
personal no But for this it is just
pass the red card all the way through there
and I repeat for the people who are
talking [ __ ] about gref who is a
money-grubber who has tried to clean himself up
the image I understand that many people
will think that is worth it
I know there are many people who
I dislike people who follow me and who dislike you
bad and such what has
done what he has done for me is worth it And
It's worth a lot to me and shows me a lot
Okay, it's the same as when you talk about
other people that I like or
that I get along well or that they are my friends and
And that you don't like them well, well
relationship that I have with each person
It is different from a point of view
different and I'll tell you what they've done
gre Javi
eh In this last month I am grateful
a lot and what people have done who have not
He comes out there because he doesn't want to come out in this
moment and that they are people of the same level
of popularity within the networks Well
I also thank you and that's it. Okay.
So, so, well, I'll tell you, people.
who has shown up there has said things
very pretty
eh How
who said something very nice and I
truth is it
I appreciate it and I'll tell you other streamers
That's good, even Outer Play hasn't
is giving hosts this week which is very
curious I don't know I think it is
is softening I hope it makes me that
Make me a video soon because if not
I'm going to start thinking that those
The muscles he has are of no use to him
nothing
Okay, but seriously, seriously, seriously.
Thank you all very much
ha
has been very screwed for a long time
quite a few months because I was limping
a long time and it has been achieved
achieved thanks to all of you
thanks to people who have been
wet well and said I'm going into the mud
and that it bites me all over and you family
you got wet
well you have gotten very wet
Javi What is this debate about? Let's see what is happening.
debate I don't know if I'm going to watch it or not because
I'm seeing you very quickly. 129
members nothing more in this live to see
I have here a summary that made me
I have here a summary that I made
place that is very
well from the debate that had the other day
Dallas with that clown that is
Ricky Eddie fan and I didn't see it
then I was thinking of seeing it here live
but I don't know if you really want it
I really don't know if you're really keen, are you going to
waste the work of
luares is that let's see you are there, I that
I know how many members I have or am going to
sleeping the siesta is tough for you How many
members would make you excited while
I open it, huh
straight to see I'm going to see how much
the age does not come
alone to see
We have to defend a guy who is
open of course is that I want to see
This chick, of course I haven't seen the
debate that has been done
I have not seen the debate that has
done with the nicoocado thing if I am that
It's in the sleeping place if you can get it to me.
send it, I'll look at it, if not, I'll leave, okay?
It is clear that this aunt after the
things that he has been saying not like that
They manipulated her so that she didn't say anything
Mait, a kiss, beautiful, you have to see that
Maite had to lift this
Hey, the girl with a lack of self-love doesn't
But the clown doesn't stop on Twitter.
of insulting me of insulting people
of the community of the community of
Dallas also that if this that if it
another is how I'm going to see what it is
He said because I have seen what he said with
Ricky in some clicks that I have put
I myself was sent it and I put it in
my Twitter you already know that my Twitter
I put a clip but I haven't been able to see what
This is what he did in the debate with Dala Voy
let's see if it fits a little with
what she says is not what she says that is that
no, it's not that
Hey, it's that Dasas manipulated her and that
She played along with Dallas because
If not, Dallas would not have published the debate.
meaningless I wouldn't like to see it a bit
eh I would like to see it a little Look for
There Orelvis has given away another 50
members
The Orelvis family has just given away 50
family, this is getting away from us
hands eh this is getting out of hand
hands because of course we are talking about that
Now when the 50 members of
orel we would be arriving
members
new and that would mean that today
breaks a record that is difficult to beat, eh?
I think today we would reach 3600
members or something like that, eh, we're losing
This is a bit different from how you see it, I think.
no longer That is our limit no I think that
That will be like our limit or more
less
No, 3000 and something, I think that's the limit.
our no longer forever
not how it is
You see, host, but it's that Mara Florencia
just gave away 10 too Okay let's go
wait for everything to add up and we see
see where we have arrived okay let's go
see it, come on, you've got it together
defend a guy who is openly
xenophobic and racist or whatever you want
call the Latinos what's your what's your
need Well let's see, first of all or
I am Latina, I am Brazilian, okay?
And well, I do think it has
comments that I say are a bit unnecessary
but I think I agree then
I think that as much as I can
remove the reason at 0% or here already
She herself has given away others
50 orelvis orelvis I don't want you to carry
You with all the record, eh? I would like that
the record was split a little between
all the followers so that later it is
sustainable but Wow Thank you so much
Thank you very much Now when you
finish counting all the
members that you are giving away eh Because
Not all of them are counted here now.
same When it's finished look now it says
199 When it's over
to account for it, let's see where it starts
we're walking, okay, I mean, look at the girl
in case it comes out and says well there is
comments that are a little unnecessary
Regarding Ricky's racism, he says, but
If I think one is right, I will
say in this he is right as much as
I don't like him or I'm disgusted or Enton
and now I've given you another 10, a kiss, beautiful.
gorgeous, ole, I can defend you in x
things that I personally believe are
well even though there are things that are wrong with it no
I think there are big and small parts.
a part of him that is xenophobic in
certain aspects
This girl says that this is what she is doing
following the roll to the D so that it
get this girl up
He says he is doing this so that
the dasas it
rise totally xenophobic the canad deid
that publishing is crazy have you seen it haven't you
He sees that he degrades people by his own
I commented a lot about calling yours
Peruvian fans and others and as if in reality
say fans dece
or Colombians and others Then yes I have
seen that yes I have seen that I have it
I have seen it yet it seems to you that you are
agree enough with him to
follow Maite Thank you very much to
another five my goodness how are you today
defending despite the fact that you see his
clear and open xenophobia, I believed things
that I can defend, I think there is
things that have to be incriminated in
Hey you're a xenophobic plan
you're messing with Latin people
but I think it does have points where
It's not that I agree but what I
He has said I can defend women
constantly and has a speech
openly my over the years now
I can give you all the examples myself.
but you have had it over the years.
whether you are aware or not, you are aware
the least bit because I haven't seen them I can
start looking for me later after the
debate and look at the tweets I know it has
The series is about Twitter logos that
He usually answers girls and then goes up
your photos and so on And that's what I am
conscious because there are going to be videos
yours but I haven't seen I mean I haven't seen
nor many Twitter users, me talking about girls
but not guys either because until recently
I didn't even follow him on Twitter.
plan I have seen almost nothing of it what
I have seen your videos towards him and
his videos towards you more than anything and
the guy says let's see if we're going to
confusing empowerment with being a
[ __ ] [ __ ] and no one is going to say
nothing
eh or elbi another 50 no orel oreli ends
to give away another 50
family Hey but there are 4000 of us here
people eh or I mean I think here today
we break the record
If not like Elbi, of course everyone
did like Elbi we would reach 50,000
member but I think that if each one
give a
member we break YouTube right now eh
Don't [ __ ] with me, we're breaking YouTube now.
same
eh we break a member look there's one
girl who wants a chimera member
you want a member
brutal truth brutal asks him hey what
Stranger things that men don't do
they do and you can say idea I'm a guy
honorable in the end is always the attention
about why he never does the same
comments about men and
always has enough words
repulsive towards women is
Debatable or not Yes, but then you see it
defending feminists and lies of the
feminists when he
wants to know what I'm telling you, or rather this
Uncle I think Ricky has a certain
problem two big problems is worth
My taste has two big problems, one
of self-esteem okay, that is, he is a very guy
insecure and he's a guy
very little thing feels the same
ok and then another one with personality ok
There are times when you try to adapt your
speeches And be like Rome like Frank
as you know and then there is another one that
Suddenly a wismichu comes to him and he
follow Wismichu's lead and get it
to follow or people who he claims to
interested okay cool Dark much K Dark cu
Dark Thank you very much uncle welcome
You know that by being unfaithful you can
consider some [ __ ] [ __ ]
but the truth is that it is a constant
of misogynistic comments on their videos
on his Twitter all that This is why it is
an abuser, that was some punches I gave
So my question for you on this one
case would be you are aware that this
gentleman has admitted to committing crimes of
gender violence against Mara
Florencia kisses beautiful kisses Hey and
Mariana also five others but this
today today this is gone It's gone now
he's already gone
He was and has just become a member of Orelvis
another 50 He's already gone See you later
See you later, he's gone now.
This is not going to end completely.
never of
sonar has completely gone out of our control
How many hands does Felix brand have?
renewed this marks already 331 this has already been
gone eh sea we are talking that now
there will be the same
3700 3800 more or less when I finish
ring when you are still we see it eh
but we are nothing away from 4000 families
historical record of the salsera what
illusion historical record of the salsera
eh record more than historic of the
sauce shop eh
your ex-partner you mean when looking at the
mobile to your partner correct publicly
is admitted and then there are others for
behind but it is not to say they are not
publicly admitted but it is
publicly admitted yes I am aware
that he has looked at his partner's cell phone and
That doesn't seem like you're being abused.
Explain to me on the phone to your partner it is not
equivalent to you mistreating her, I mistreat her
In my relationship I have looked at my cell phone
couple once because I had some
suspicion and many times I have been right and
I think you too, I think it was I think
I saw it in a recent video of Ricky
who was talking about you that you found out
all of me because thanks Quasar let's see eh
before that well wait let's go
listen to the full opinion you saw their
WhatsApp conversations with your
laptop you went to the bathroom with your laptop
and you had to use the fun Whatsapp
What are you pretending about, Daniel? Welcome.
Thank you so much, man, you're a fan of mine.
actually you are a fan of this guy
Because if you had seen my video where
I am talking about that case, you would have
seen as I say that I went to speak
from my laptop on my WhatsApp She
I had my WhatsApp on my laptop and it wasn't
my intention to see her those
conversations big difference between what
What he did was go straight to spy
with the intention of orel is another 50
kid
Orel, but he gives everything away.
then we're going to hit ourselves hard
freak out Thanks Ori from
true Let's see I agree with you
What did the girl say about looking at him?
Calling your partner is not being a
abuser is worth it or rather being a
abuser involves a host of other
behaviors in general are worth it to me
But as such the isolated fact that you
In a moment you register your phone to
your partner is not being an abuser but
Yes, it is true that this crime is carried out
by the court of gender violence
That would be a crime of violence.
gender is worth it for me to be a
abuser is a series of
behaviors that are most frequently followed over time
sum of behaviors is worth But if we talk
specifically of that fact that fact is a
crime that is carried out by the court of the
woman and it is a crime that goes by the
gender violence but I can't
Calling someone an abuser only
That's why it's worth it. Later if there are more things
Well, now we see them, Esther, a kiss
Thank you so much for that gift, Esther.
and also to Cane Thank you very much for
It is that gift too
It's okay to spy on her, I've never in my life
checked the phone of a couple of mine
never never worth it This is the same as
It is saying here that Dallas is also
true or so but the thing is that I already said this
the other day and there are clowns who are
trying to contradict when there is
a court order, uncle, that is what he did
Dallas is not the same as what it did
Ricky, what Dallas did was accidental.
he came across something that was trying
upon him it is worth And he did not look months nor did he look
nothing he he he found a series of
things he read and then his father In that
moment he finally recognized all the
conversation orelvis has given away others
50 is that it doesn't make sense though
Ricky does take the phone with all his might.
the intention because he suspects that
They are cheating Because they don't
trusting your partner is not the same as
the thing about
Dallas is not the same no matter how you look at it.
you put is to reduce everything to the absurd
The only thing that is the same is in the
application So it is not the same thing
worse
that you
tell me to open here the one I open
here is my WhatsApp web and here is
My wife opened WhatsApp and read a
couple of conversations that say [ __ ]
They are talking about me here, that is what
They're saying you know it's not the same A
that I take away from her while she sleeps
the phone and I started to register
several conversations mait other 20
Thank you very much With all the intention
Whether it is due to distrust or not, it is not the case
Same but he saw the cell phone, it's the same now
It is, well, it is, well, it is, that's it
same but both are blonde But the
two are blond but both wear caps
that's it
Same It's not the same, okay, but it's that
fact is there is a car that is not this
That this is not what I say in this
It's that in this there is already a car
judicial that will have more information than
the one you have
you like it or not say that
there is no more it is not the same because he looked
damn man, I mean, if I hit him
slap someone as a reflex action
that he hit me is not the case
same as I stuck it to him because I am a
real bully I can't explain to you
That's what you have with plasticine
to other channels ok I am here for you
telling the truth about what
There Dallas saw it by accident and Ricky saw it
He saw it wanting to but if he puts it in
a court order if there is none
more and Ricky's thing is not that they put it in
a court order is that it recognizes it
He is still wrong
saying if I'm telling you wrong that one
thing not the same as a thing
intended another 50 orelvis already stop
I'm already ashamed, it gives me things I want
that there are people who do it for you
Orelvis competition and give away more than
he is what the [ __ ] orelvis
There are 500 new members
today and it has not finished counting
This will stop a little at least so we can see
stop a bit at least so we can see
how long have we been
We are not talking about there being less
from 100 to 4000
eh, there are less than 100 left for the
4000 I'm going to get naked eh in
any moment is coming to me
It's giving me heat, it's getting hot today
Well, I don't know if you get there, eh, never, never.
consciously I mean it was the
only case where it was unintentional that he called you
In Spain and Andorra, crime is also present.
of interception and disclosure of
communications which is basically what
He dedicated himself to doing and what I did not do
It has absolutely nothing to do with it, I don't know.
I'm wrong in the video excerpt that
there was yours talking about what happened in the
laptop you said you saw months of
conversation with his mother planning what
that I had planned to do I said that I saw
months of conversations and if I don't
I'm wrong, I didn't say that I saw it, I was there
checking the other day Tobi a kiss no
He said he saw months of conversations
said
that there were conversations between mother and
daughter and then there is a moment when
He says months of conversation had not happened
months planning this I don't know what I don't know
how many months of conversations where
They were planning to leave me, I don't know, I know.
how much But that's not what he saw
That's what he does when he goes and talks
with the couple the couple recognizes it
everything there is no B months of
conversations Put the clip we put the
clip
body m
my then was when it started to
conspire with his own mother against me
Between the two of them, they started talking all kinds of things.
from incredible nonsense about me to
a few points that I thought would give me a
heart attack when I read for the first time
honestly sig was a bastard who
sig was a sick man who was a
psychopath and all based on nothing because
they weren't telling anything to say
tremendous brutal things about me and
They began to draw up a plan with two or
three months in advance before
we cut in November 2014 in
that I would leave her and it seemed
It's like it was my plan to break up with
her and that it was not her who
broke up because they are not counting anything for
say such tremendous brutal things about
me and they started to make a plan with
two or three months in advance before
that we cut in November
2014 in which I began to carve a
plan months in advance basically
This is something that he later discusses
With it she recognizes it is worth it indeed
is that there is a car okay is that there is a
court order to see this belongs to
Dallas comment leave me a
second It's that really It's already there
you are discussing a court order
Uncle, let's see, give me a second, okay?
Here they speak
4 days of conversations in the car
judicial
worth days of conversations not three
months and
I want to feel your body J mine because
my soul has no time
I want to be a friend
body I want to feel your
body
My This belongs to him, uncle.
This belongs to him but oh well
basically what the car is saying
there is no recruitment
malicious that it was a conversation that he
directly affected and
personally and that the accused in no way
moment he intended to discover secrets of
no one started reading a conversation
coincidentally that this is what this is
belongs to him okay or so this is him
belongs to him and he will come out and he will
will repeat because I understand that he will respond
This is worth what you want to take to him.
the opposite of a court order and this
You go to you to give it to him
Ricky is sure that many of you will be right
take and you're going to say that the cows
They fly, okay? And you probably have them.
more information that they have much more
information you guys that eh that the
judges okay but be careful and don't let one come out
trial against me and against Dala eh that
You believe that one completely.
until they are signed, eh, that is, if it is
that there is no more uncle if we are
We are discussing something here
discussing here something that has already been discussed
which has already been judicially investigated
I mean, I can search for the clip because I
It sounds very familiar to me what you said that
you knew you had not what you had seen
months of conversation in which
They were planning to do to you what they did to you.
I will have said that I had been planning for months
the discussion I had with her
because the moment I opened it
the moment I saw it I closed it And then
I automatically went to talk to her
I repeat to you, do you like it or not?
This is abusive. Looking at the cell phone
your partner yes no it's that no yes no If you me
You say he is an abuser because he looks at her
your partner's cell phone seems to you or not
This seems abusive. Looking at the
mobile to your partner yes no no yes no
If you tell me it's a here I am
I agree with the girl. Yeah, it doesn't depend.
from the context but a crime that is carried out
by the violence of
gender sir eria we are giving
lessons in the
Jorge a kids
kiss is that I am not this
understanding
Hey, I'm not understanding this.
548 he says handsome tell me I'm wearing a top
or no Answer me no mercy because I
I'm sad, Oreli. I think so.
You are the top one, the truth is that I see it
complicated eh I see complicated that no one
I surpassed Orelvis today but neither today nor in
the whole month, so I don't see much point in it.
to what happened today orelvis Thanks
real guy Now when I'm done
Let's count, let's see how we're doing. Well,
Of course I think that
Nothing is missing I think there are less than
100 to reach 4000
Uncle, there are less than 100 left to get to
4000 but you should give it to other people
He is an abuser because he has looked at her.
mobile to your partner a little strong that
you say a Cri has committed a crime
committed a crime because he looked at the
mobile to your partner because OK but
abuser sounds a bit strong to me
I don't know how to say it, that is, he has committed a
crime but it cannot be labeled as
abuser only for that crime
oreli Thank you so much uncle, so much
Thank you very much Thank you man Thank you
for what you have given us today brutal Eh no
It makes sense and it's [ __ ] crazy
You basically have them all.
the confession of the type the law that supports
that word and yet you don't feel
comfortable saying he's a killer By
Why do you have a fanaticism for him?
because you look at another reason no I don't have
fanaticism for him Oh no, well, you see
What is called how is it going to be called for me
an abuser would be in that sense not
on the subject of registering mobile phones
For me, an abuser would be a person
that is constantly doing it
because he is doing it under a
surveillance prohibitions no Hey no
you can talk to no one you can't talk
You can't have friends with this person
Hey, look, look, look what you said.
Look what you talked about with your father today.
Look, you know, it would be something else.
different for me would be a cluster of
things and not a specific moment is worth it. In a
specific moment because he has committed a
crime but of course that is so But
I'm not saying that, the Law says it.
committed a crime recognized by him without
better that then it has been changing the
versions because he will try to mess up or he has
regretted having recognized it Okay
but for me he is not an abuser
For me, in fact, what a painting is
Mona for me is very silly or rather it is
registering the mobile phone due to insecurity
that he has and why he no longer trusted his
couple you know did not pay attention to the
couple okay I didn't pay attention to the couple
and the couple looked for another one without further ado
I sent a killer to a guy who has
recognized as a mat dealer he has
admitted looking at his partner's cell phone and
What is that called? What is it? What kind of
crime is gender violence is
gender violence is indeed yes
It is what it is So you don't feel
comfortable saying something that is legally
correct I guess I guess it's a little or
be yes but why not How good What
Good, you will tell me, you will tell me what is it called?
that and then you dare to compare it as
he's trying to pretend that I did it
same thing that is not true mine was
fortuitous unintentionally and on top of that it was not because
Jealousy was literally a conversation
with the mother who didn't say that I could do it
You tell me about the mother. It's not that she
I caught a conversation with another guy
has absolutely no kind of
comparison the only thing that is similar in
both cases are
that you are the same WhatsApp
application is ok, so without further ado, say good
has a point of comparison no
literally a chat with the mother
talking [ __ ] about me and then I went and told him
I said to her, Hey, this is what's good, right?
It was obviously a discussion but
what is the point of comparison you believed
which was comparable because I had in
mind that you saw months of conversation
So I don't know what I said exactly.
within that video if I look at it I can
say what exactly I said
but what I remember is having opened
having read a couple of messages when I
I realized what that was, I closed it, I went out and
I spoke to her obviously arguing O
were not good terms
precisely when you realize that you
couple is cheating like that
then with her there is no comparison
because it has been something like what you say
Damn, I accidentally saw it open
messages and I said [ __ ] but of course I
I had in mind the [ __ ] video
seen that it was not my account that was
my girlfriend's account talking to her
mother by WhatsApp and I have continued reading
But if you tell me that it hasn't been like that, then
I can't comment on everything either because it's
an experience of yours you have only lived
You and only you know that if I'm not mistaken.
I look at my phone because I saw one
notification of someone telling you something
of the style that cheated on him and so on
and that's why I look at my phone something like this Something
This is what a notification about something sounds like to me
now this is a lie, no, no, well, here
lie this is a lie this is the
last version that he gives that I that he
a notification arrived that they were
putting the horns So it came to him
a notification
that the notification put something of the
horns that's a lie okay because
usually unless you
configure it in another way, it's okay but it's
very almost nobody has it like that, okay when
They talk to you on WhatsApp in the
Notification You do not see the content of the
Ok message you get WhatsApp one one
notification or or tesa has spoken to you
Lili Vale has spoken but you can't get the
content of the message until
you unlock with the code with your face
you understand So in case that
out that a notification has arrived
He didn't see it but apart from that he hasn't
been able to read if it slides yes good That
It depends on how you have it configured but
Normally if you cheat on him
Your boyfriend, I don't think you're wearing that.
you know, that is, you have to configure it
so that it appears on your screen even more
having the mobile
blocked So there is an option where
you it
you configure whether you want them to be read or
you don't want them to read the first line
of the message is worth it but normally by
defect and the logical thing is that you do have
the mobile blocked Well, have it on
so that it doesn't come out. Well, imagine
that you are here in a bar with your colleagues
and you get the messages and everyone
look at your screen can see me
you understand I mean it doesn't make sense But
Well, he is also here in the debate
with me he said it was an audio Now
It turns out that he is a well-read person. So it is not
so he grabbed it by the
face that took him by the
face if it sounds familiar to me also a year ago and
I peak at this and no, I'm not that clear
but it is irrelevant, that is the point is
that the reason why he sets out
doing this act is for an act of
control over your partner instead of
talking to her first is an act of
control over your partner mine is a
photo act of me finishing the girl Here more
or less is very coherent
Hey, the girl here is more or less very
coherent eh to discuss Open my own
computer your WhatsApp started and
Coming across that garbage says one thing
that I have not done in my life that I know is
She could commit a crime if she wanted to.
report and everything you want to throw at me
above because I know that this cannot be done
to do was look at my cell phone
couple no type of criminal whatsoever
What happened to me when I publicly assumed a
crime as he has done You know how
restraining order works not on everything
What do you know, you can go ask for an order of
distancing a person Imagine that
I have a problem with my partner and I
I'm afraid he'll do something to me, I can go
to the police and say I want to put a
restraining order But who has it
that put It is a judge judgment can do it
put in place precautionary measures but yes
a judge puts you know that the order of
distance apart from prohibiting the
proximity of the person against whom the
has imposed on its victim or the person
with which the order is imposed
It also has another extra degree noar by
You can't do social media either if you weigh
ordering as if it could not be
the person speaking on social networks
so no type com I guess correct So
That's right That's right then
what head do you have exactly that one
guy who is supposedly afraid of me and
has in distancing that would also be
in communication with me he dedicates himself since
years ago to dedicate a huge amount of time to
videos and tweets and in the last year and the
last two months he has dedicated a lot to me
video a day within your channel how
you have that in your head I like that
I then taking into account that what
You said the order applies
distancing would occur when the
restraining order put in place because if not
I'm wrong, he told her that he's just
as the request there is no order of
distance, that is, there is no distance at all
because it is only a request that if not
I'm wrong, he said it was because the
The police told him you should put things in order.
of estrangement it was not he who loved her
ask directly then I guess
as long as there is no restraining order
of what they have put can do and you can
do what you want, I think.
Ricky can't use the order of
distancing myself to say I'm not going to debate
with him in person because there are no buts
You can't say that he can't either.
talk about you on social media because there aren't any
order to leave I have said that he does not
You can talk about me on social media, no, you're not done.
say that an argument is that he is
talking about you and dedicating it to you
videos that wouldn't make sense in order
neglect but I think he said in
your last video which is the one I have
seen to take the arguments that he
It also says there is no order of
relaxation because only one request
that was what they gave him about Ricky no
It makes sense Ricky hasn't done anything. Well, to the
better you have requested it but you know that that
no longer have they taken into account or do not have
You know what I'm telling you, I mean, I don't doubt it.
That's good, let's see if I doubt it. Probably yes.
or probably not that he went to one
commissions to have the paper as he did the
from Troy the loser is worth it with us
to have the role that later the la
police station there they told him Hey
you want to request an order of
distance we put it here the best have
position is okay but he knows that is
lie that the restraining order is not
They have not given him any attention nor have they given him any attention
complaint or anything like that is
completely false okay Why Well
look at him for example he takes it and says that he
cannot debate in person with Dallas
because it would break
the request would disable the request
a restraining order is the same as
you meet that person in person who
you spend all day trying
contact with
She would tear up your application anyway.
What are you doing, making series?
sending him messages and all that stuff
If you break it the same way, then you have the same
validity That you remain in person what
are
doing I mean they didn't give it to them
The police were the ones who said, Hey
you should put an ordo you realize
says now has nothing to do with it
who said a year ago not a year ago
He refused to fight me in person
because he says he had me wearing one
restraining order I issued a restraining order
distancing is normal last time
that I tried it was pure and I said Look then
we are going to put you in order
so I tried to go up so fast without
warn and a few centimeters later
I have to take a little legal break
to clarify that it seems that I know that I
I couldn't put an order to leave for me
account I can launch the request but
I would have to activate it, judge should
inform you to put nonsense because the
I had it on your channel, I remember that
I saw in one of the videos later what
Ricky has is that he gets like
talk like giving lessons about something like
wanting to shut you up or like above you
Shut up, you don't know exactly what he did to me.
to me two or three times in the debate of the
another day that you haven't learned the word well
script telling me about the lawyer
that the lawyer had if you had
signed a confidentiality agreement
that you couldn't even tell your
Lawyer Oreli, thank you very much.
true eh for everything thank you very much
very handsome [ __ ] crazy 600 members
new today Thanks to everyone who
you have given member today I think that with
This is already 4000, okay?
But now we add it Now when
finish this ringing we add it
Okay, I mean the guy who talks to you
with with
superiority when being the cousin
God what did you do to him he refused to do
a debate with you when you were
having a debate with was not with Javi
what was the other one called the same with another s
with the other one that you also have
had life recently and that he
wrote to Ricky and said, Hey, I'm
Here with d you want to take advantage to do
a debate and he said no because he had
an order of abandonment that I remember that
He said he had it on that I remember
and that the argument has now changed
seeming Inc credible you think that his
word has some sense to me
It seems credible that I have ord
relaxation but it seems credible to me that
there may be a request for
In fact, the police normally do not
The police offer you this kind of things
doesn't offer you Hey you should put one
restraining order is like a tic that
you put Yes also ask for order of
distancing is what is asked for within
the courts take advantage of the good
I think I could tell you, eh, I mean
No, I don't see why not, huh? Hey, I should.
request no good let's see yes No it's not
I don't see it as impossible, honestly it could be
get the police and tell you Hey this is
very serious you also want to request or
You want me to write it here, I don't see it
impossible that's okay But let's go that this
has not had a course, has not had anything like that
I would bet eh I would bet
honestly there is constant ignorance
from people like you to say that it gives you
the damned one wins the clown returning to the
matter if he had it in that
First of all, what would prevent you?
to take it away and have the debate with me
In person you say fear Ah you recognize that
is afraid afraid but why else would I
I'm mistaken, you threatened to kill him.
You are one of those who honestly believe that he
He is afraid of what I am going to do to him
Something if we see each other in person is worth it, that is.
for you do you really think that for me
It's worth it for me to go to jail for
do something to that idiot face to face
face well in my opinion I think so
because it was something you told him will be
better because I end up in jail and
you in the cemetery for you truly
Do you think that if I wanted to do something to him?
Let's think along the lines of Okay, I Want
I want to finish him off okay let's go let's go
imagine that I want to finish him off
It makes more sense to you that I am so
stupid to do that at a time when
that he comes with me in person and that
let it be unequivocal that it was me who ended up
with him because he was literally
with me in person and I go to jail
for a lot of years of my life by
to finish off a Pinocchio So he has everything
sense of the world for you, do you really believe?
that I am so stupid that if I want
do something like that I'm going to do it right now
the moment when I am the most
The most obvious culprit, I'll break your face.
When he sees you he's like I'm going to break you.
I'm going to send your legs to
cemetery I'm going to jail is a
a little more serious, that is, for you it has all
the logic of the world that I invite the uncle
to come and debate with me and I instead
to debate with him ends with something that makes sense
If you say that you have to control yourself to
not to do something to him in a debate I would have
afraid to go Okay then following your
logic Why does it prevent him Then
with all the money he claims to have
which prevents him from bringing 10 people from
security in the same way that you
prevents making a call with him because
I want to do it in person, I already said it
million times yes or yes do it in
person the reason why I want
Do it yes or yes in person because
I want people to see how the guy
trembles that's the reason The guy gives it to them
of manchito online messing with the
Latinos being a [ __ ] racist
being a [ __ ] xenophobe being a
shitty misogynist being a bully
which is what it really is, it has been
spent years threatening me from
2015 we remember and I want people to
be able to see in person how the type
He shits himself I know that on call he is capable
of constantly disrespecting and
say a lot of rubbish or things like
He is constantly inventing his life
of the people that is what they do
constantly and is also dedicated to
threaten not only me but also third parties
people who now I will tell you about that
also Ricky What he has used for
arguing threats is capturing you
Do you have any screenshots of this?
trying to find her I'm trying
look for her because I know that what she has
shown I am responding to something and
I am responding to some threats
what he does in the first place does not bother me
agreed where the first capture is
because it's been a while since I saw them but I
I'm responding to something I'm
completely sure that in those
messages from
Discord of course
I think it's very bad on Dallas's part, okay?
but I'm commenting sure that
They also have some kind of
manipulation in the sense that Ricky
It's not like it was super hyper mega either
Saint, do you understand me or is everything that
You always see Ricky, eh?
always falsehoods and manipulations and
cuts and montages worth the other day I saw
a video that I made I put it on the
Well, I'm not going to go down that path.
video yet because I'm waiting for it
some people talk about that video to see if
give it credibility or
No man, I'm trying to find out, man.
a
thing but well I said it okay or whatever
I saw certain manipulations that
they caught the attention okay because he
I wanted to make a story out of everything
until it fit him to say that
Well, he hooked up with minors.
okay he was telling me I have
Here is the capture of this tweet from me
I consider the list It makes me want to
split Dallas in the mouth every time
It opens just because it's Dallas, det, keep me
That was in 2015 he said that when you
met in person at an event if not me
mistaken youtubers and talked to you and
you told him you posted this about
me on Twitter he that same day or the
days later he deleted that tweet you say that
It was a lot After that is that the
Honestly, I don't really remember very well.
Well, that's what quality is all about.
horrible of 2015 the 3rd of the 3rd of some
April month because it is that the capture
As it is old you can't see anything or it is
that event if it were true that
I honestly don't remember if it was
true we are talking about mid-
2016 we are talking about at least
a year later but even if there had been
deleted this from what J matters more if to
end of accounts automatically in 2016
I had a very strong funa and the bastard
of [ __ ] he started publishing Likewise
A lot of nonsense on Twitter
constantly for years saying The
the greatest atrocities that occurred to him
against me Yes on Twitter in
Twitter on Twitter applauding the
applauding William Cook and applauding
more garbage that they were telling me and more
garbage of that
style but has many tweets and this
I know 100% because I've seen them in the
which later after that date
He dedicated himself to saying a lot of validities c
one side and the other and modify by
complete the meaning of the conversation
which was something his friend did
scammer in fact and luckily for that
yes I had the proofs completely
recorded and had them located well
hand, it sounds very familiar to me and I am
trying to find who I shared a with
screenshot of that conversation because I
sounds like you were arguing with him
having taken a capture and having it
sent someone Look at this clown but no
I remember who I am with and that's what I'm feeling
going crazy trying to find
But if you look inside the messages
What I say I'm saying all the time
If you want to fulfill your threats, if you
you pretend to do I don't know what I mean I'm
all the time telling him what he is
saying it is very easy for him afterwards
take and delete it there is a capture that yes
that what he told you comes out and the
answer that you told him is the
answer that I told you it was about
I end up in jail and you end up in the
cemetery he had told you he had
thought about inviting you to the pod set of the
podcast and do it face to face with good
presentation and quality But you have lost
a lot was Yes no but there is another Search
look for a message from me where I tell you if you
you want to fulfill your threats because
also those other ones are not even the same
take the screenshot is true look hey it is
true look fact but there is another Look for a
message from me where I tell him if you want
fulfill your
threats Look is
truth see that
man It would be [ __ ] awesome if suddenly
the messages were manipulated
can you imagine that
uncle full figure whatever it is you don't
Does it seem right to you to tell a person
person who has been around for years
threatening him and you do it. Well, I will
I'm going to give another one but the correct thing is that
Why? Because in the end you
What you've done is tell him something that's going to
can be used against you, see what it does
This son of a [ __ ] is harassing and threatening
dedicate himself to dedicating his entire channel to me
The whole Twitter And then when I
I answer once cries what cannot
being is that you have an iron fist and
glass jaw if you dedicate during
years threatening me with what cannot be
that then you play the victim and say Oh Tas
He told me he was going to hit me when you
You are the first one I told you to say during
years that you were going to hit me what you couldn't
being is that you dedicate yourself to doing it
victim when literally The guy
Thank you so much Yoli
Thank you very much Yoli I'm waiting
Let's see if this ends up being counted
eh, I already have almost 600 members
new I think this doesn't have much
sense today no eh And I'm waiting for
finish this update to see
really how many of us are okay but me
I understand that we have reached 4000
members
family We have reached 4000
young members
Okay, okay, v are you? Let's go through the last one.
Vale question
so
pet please don't interrupt me
You call me, forgive me again, I'll leave you
[Music]
you say you are door you are door you are
puer
you are you are you are you are you are you are you are
are
You are me, I'll forgive you again, I'll leave you
say ot
you me
you call r please you are
are
[Music]
you are you are feri you are feri you are Fer you are F
you are Fer you are F you are feri you are
feri you are feri you are feri you are feri you are
feri Abi you are Fer you are feri you are feri
are
feri you are F you are F you are F you are F you are F
you are F you are F you are F you are F you are F you are
F you are F you are F you are F you are feri you are
feri you are Fer you are Fer d you are feri you are
Fer
[Music]
you are you are very stupid man Hey 4000
members seems to me an absolute
barbarity
no 4000 members what's the point
family I think this is going to be the
top no O so do you see possible in some
moment having more can no longer be O
this is the maximum that can be had
no 4000 dude I mean you have to take into account
Keep in mind that we have another thousand or so, eh?
on the other side, I mean, I think this is already
It's like the limit that you can have, that is
this didn't make any sense at all
Let's finish watching this, Lorena
He has to go and he's going to
kill Ah for the 5000 leonia that's no longer
I see it as very viable, but I don't see it anymore.
I eh that no longer, don't smoke orelis anymore
orelis now really Thank you very much
I appreciate it but it just gives me
pure that is carrying all the
weight of the 4000 oreli Many
Thank you. And thank you very much to everyone.
Thank you all very much because you are
4000 pieces of members or so we have
the membership level of a huge channel
Hey 4000 members, what are you telling me?
not just me anymore and this is very good
because so you can see that the guy threatens
to everyone not only a kiss and
This is recent, you have read the message
that he dedicated to his ex-girlfriend's ex-boyfriend
He says he arrived in his city today and he doesn't
is going to spoil the party for anyone, much less
no one with whom you have nothing pending
If I find out that you are approaching
any other place where by chance
She is calm with her friends.
the party ends, a bad thing about living
In Andorra I can't be sure
person that my girl is going to be okay
but a good one is that when I got here I
made contacts even under the
stones that are ordered without asking
so be it, here it is literally
saying that he has scars
literal welcome is not the
projection of him I need scars
to be worth it or to defend myself I don't
I need I can take care of myself and defend myself
alone Unlike him how do you see him
a person who literally dedicates himself to
say this to random people who have not either
done nothing because at that moment that
boy apparently approached him to talk to him
his ex-girlfriend is not that you say Ah he is
He came up and hit him, he didn't always come up to him
He spoke and he didn't like it and what if he doesn't finish
very well literally The threat with
hitmen and this Jones clown
Now he pretends that I'm the crazy one
of the hitmen and I am the crazy one who does not
I know you don't realize how this son
of [ __ ] is dedicated all the time to
threaten to harass to push to the maximum
people and as soon as they get one
someone's response starts to cry
For example, this case of mine is not
You see, yes, that is, he has threatened, yes, with
send people but he has also risen
screenshots of how you threatened to send
people that I threaten
kill well Ricky has threatened to
send people but well you too
People, don't order them around, you have friends.
Where were they from Bogot from somewhere?
site So you could have friends from
Bogot I don't know to what extent it is real
because they are captures that ri has taken in
Your video says you're not going to keep doing it.
This type of misdeeds on the Internet or me
You give your parents' number to talk
with them and put him on the right path or you
I put in a couple of weeks in the
door in your [ __ ] house and that's what you put
said to him is the number of your parents
consider yourself finished you know I'm going to do it
make your parents' number clear
friends who live in Bogot I put them a
wait a moment I am here
telling me that I am not from my parents
This is to someone else I think he said that
was an editor of yours someone worked
with you something like that my editor
I said that I peed on his parents' number.
I have friends in Bogot and I'm here.
I'm just coming in now, the truth is, [ __ ] it
that they are three [ __ ] it does not matter
irrelevant you want yes we are changing
topic while I look for it for you, what the [ __ ]
What the hell is that about friends of
Bogot, what the hell is this about friends of
begot that no that what the hell is it then already
you No if it is already those are basically
all the issues that you report to me not because
the threats but because I dedicate a
video after dedicating dozens of
videos there is a topic Here yes Or you give me
The reason I don't forgive is that excuse me no
I was listening to you completely, okay?
Well, do you think I'm going to stop?
post a video because the clown is
He posts a saying that he knows I have
a video you create correctly or by
why would I stop posting a video if
I had it only because it publishes a
tweet warning that audience that
He always does the same thing, he puts on the band-aid
before the injury because it was going to not
post a video that would have no
Sure sense but why did he say that
Because you did a live stream on YouTube
that I was watching it in which you
You said that soon the things would come out
Ricky's truths would run out
story such I don't know what And he from that video
got the idea that you had a video with
her ex wasn't from there she wasn't from there I don't know Ah
I know what video it is I know it's real
is using this garbage video
really incredible look at the context of
This video is worth God, how [ __ ] sick is it?
I can believe that truth is using
This garbage video that was also used by the
wiis me Cook to try to fake something
Watch this video, it's from when I was 18.
years or 12 years ago is very pathetic
that this son of a [ __ ] is dedicating himself
to use this from something I said when I was 18
years literally and totally taken out
from the place where he was saying it
First of all, I don't excuse what I said.
because literally what I said follows me
looking disgusting even stopped
disgusting at the time I said it and
made right after Don't tell me that
It's like Hana Montana again, it's like that
from the Havana Montana thing this one no no
other
maybe that's it. Not the cl no of the one who is
talking uncle It's always the same eh or
be my mother, it's the same, eh, they take out
a clip from 20 years ago and I don't know what
but then the guy takes out a clip
says no no I would never take out a cli
old because I have been able to change
opinion that's not me I'm not the same
person is that it is nonsense is that
they are stupid
Dude, they're stupid and that's it.
Sorry right after I say that in
that live that is not a video is a
direct is not the same level of control
from what you say to when it is a video no
You get beastly comments all the time
world comes out But this What is orelis who
You are Loli Huertas
orelis are you Loli Huerta or what's up?
was looking was looking
precisely here that I say hosti
6 650
members and take it appears to me again there
With 50, that is, calm down a bit, my friend, I don't know.
you want sex or something how can we do it
fix this of course because this is already this
It already deserves something, no, thank you very much, man.
many
Thanks but this doesn't make sense, eh?
family This is the limit no family
how do you see it?
Estela, how do you see it? I see it that
Estela, the last ones you already melted my c
Credit Thank you very much Oreli, uncle of
true Thank you very much uncle we are in
our Prime eh we are in our
Prime
Eh This hasn't made any sense today
700 new members, Yoli, how do you do it?
How do you see it, Yoli?
He has invested in
Pambi this is fabric, don't you stretch it how you do it?
you see tesa What's the next one?
next goal can no longer be this one
the record is already going to be seen. I mean, now
700 and something of member uncle I mean no more
there may be
more than 5000 no
flipis 5000 no flipis or this is it
already difficult to sustain even because
It is very complicated for 4000 people
are going to be renovating
always because they are not going to be renewing
Everyone I hope they renew But it will be
complicated to maintain this
eh well it's that we have already passed the
we had set the goal on the bar
the 4000 and we have it
past I think it is already
impossible but the difference is that
Well if you're live and it stays
engraving and seed engraving And what
I'm talking about when Miley Cyrus
She cheated on her boyfriend in the middle of
a scenario basically that was it
horns no matter how you look at it, it's okay
You end up hitting another guy there anyway
and then at that time the meme that
There was one of Batman giving him a one
hit Robin and then I think
that at the moment of the video I say a Bach la
and I don't know what something like that and at that moment I
always used the word aliza is
fatally used but even after
that moment I corrected what was
saying it is the time of rage to say
an outrage to see something that gives you
anger and it's not like I was doing it
reference to my girlfriend at the time nor
I didn't even know my ex at the time.
eh I wasn't referring to me
girlfriend wasn't referring to
No one I knew was Commanding a
public issue I said that variety in a
directly with 18 years I have treated him a thousand times
sometimes the topic I think I don't know if I have
treated in three or four videos
different but how I'm treating it
Some of the time is lost and
Whatever it was, it was not right to say
that but what do I do you know or in that
time also had thoughts
ugly enough that I can't identify with them now
same to this day about I don't know why
example girls who upload photos of themselves
body at that time I am 18 years old and
In short, he had a bad opinion of the girls who
They uploaded photos of their body, I don't think so.
but that the clown is dedicating to using
a clip that I have already commented on as
10,000 times to get it out again look
Look, he says that his girlfriend would hit him when
the context is different And again neither
I justify it because what I said is not known
nice neither nor was it good in Yes but of
new is a live not a video in
really controlled what he was saying
we were talking about controversial topics
from the moment I believe 2012 2013 no AC you give
you realize the manipulation
manipulation has to absolutely
nothing about this guy something about him what he is
a misogynist I told you Look, he's a
misogynist and here is the context
I'm not going to get anything out of you
It has nothing to do with the type, let's see
the topic of taking clips from the past comes to
I tell you sometimes when you are
arguing with someone who is arguing with you
saying well you said I don't know what well
I said I don't know how much it's worth but what I don't know
I see the point in removing the clips from the
past is to justify attitudes of the
present that is Ricky or elbin no or elin
no no no
But how much have you earned in Pambi?
Hey, but someone contrast a
little not so that I don't know the inexperienced one that I
it's giving trouble
no but it doesn't have anymore
sense no longer makes sense Yoli what
we do with
This no longer makes sense.
eh Ho the live is yours uncle bought it
you have directly bought the sauce shop
practically mother
my mother mother of
God says that if we reach the
5000 let's see, I'm going to shut up there and I'm not going
to say no more never in the whole month
I'm going to ask for a member for the whole month no more
I'm going to ask
shitty miso member no s but also
He released a clip of yours that I think is from the
same time similar to what you were saying is
that if I hope that if one day I end up in
jail for killing one of these
children of I don't know what that is, that is darts
It's not from the same era, that's darts.
truth is darts is is much After
words I fully subscribe to
I don't regret those at all.
Miley saus Yes but those words Me
I completely agree. Why good.
when you live in your own flesh
which is to have more than a decade of pure
harassment of people
threatening her the video because if not she would say
exactly again again once
But those people are sick and deserve to be
banned from the damn planet as if
I hope I end up in jail and you in prison.
the cemetery I wish it were you who would remove it
I tell you again it is he who
He started threatening me with a debate in
person I'm not going to do anything to you, I've already done it
said I'm not going to do anything but it is he
who starts threatening then says he doesn't
[ __ ] can't have an iron fist and
glass jaw you understand I understand
but you take back what you said like, Hey what?
I'm not going to give you any good, I've already said it. Of course.
but to what extent can it be reached?
to believe no one no one was a
year mocking the matter laughing at the
song with his friends live on
podcast and more stuff was making fun of the
matter and now he plays the victim and pretends
the victim's fist because he was left like a
rag after the mistreatment that he suffered
made his ex-girlfriend public last year
Last time I did a bit of sailing in the
profile of this boy
Okay, but this is the same cameo as the
another day no no no it's the same cameo now
They told me shut up shut up shut up shut up
see this that I put myself or be of
That I take over the Canal is not a con
it is not a con
This is part of our contract
confidentiality is a contract of
confidentiality that
includes that I can upload videos
sometimes there in your
channel yes yes yes yes this was it
while I was in one of the
travels not this video This video was
While I was on one of the trips
changes every now and then no no but it's that
We are used to the fact that in all the
videos we watch all day
I come out, we just saw one of them, he tells me
I don't know what we just saw one of the Dallas
girl has mentioned me I don't know how many
times eh Let's see This is fabric
sailor
Hey, look when you see the followers of
Ricky ID and such Oh it's that Dallas
threatened to look at this guy and this guy is
super strong and is fighting with
someone and you tell me what Indian
I remind you that I am still Spanish
Well, I remind you that this thing about the Indian
I am still
Spanish racism is something quite
regular on Ricky Ed's Channel and well
I understand that more or less if they continue to
Rick Ed who is a bit like him doesn't you
I'll grab you and split you in three, hahaha, what are you?
a poor immigrant Pancho gets involved
with the economic level that it is a
Pancho who is an immigrant who is going to
split into three I wish I could see your face
girl you must have sea these are the
followers who are super no no no no
no no says orel How long until the
5000 I'll put it on you no no no no no
no no no no no
in my body my soul
nooo
tuero no no no no no no no no
No, I would just let Orelvis give it away.
up to 5000
members if half of it is provided by the others
if not no or eliz
If half of them put it between 3000
people who are here as one
give 5 another 10 another 20 another maybe ok
How are you going to justify this income?
Well, surely Sau will not pay it.
not to pay taxes I will surely buy
I know a house in some town I don't know
I'll see but I don't
I only allow you to pay taxes, Elvis
if half of it is put in by other people
Look Majo has given away five Majo is the
who makes the songs by the way
family I think I take for granted that
you know
Okay, you're disrespecting the hierarchy.
but it's really a [ __ ] but it's just that
we are at the level of what luare or that is
we are at the level of very good streamers
big right now
not in subscriber level And that's not in
non-member level
At the member level I think this
It's like super thick. No look.
Maitea regalado
10 go there are some
200 we are at the level of Juan Guarnizo
Right now Yoli joli guapa joli I'm going to
see the meconium this this meu the one that
Isaac is coming and they invited me.
By the way, I have to check the date, I think.
It's next month, kiss Yoli
gorgeous Yoli, I gave away five
But this is already fine, we could leave it
Something for another day, no Orel has given away
Well he says he's given away another 200 to
take for
ass to take for
ass five of
Yara another 50 deel
gives
it doesn't matter
It doesn't happen anyway
Well, well, we're going to Thailand.
not again, I know how to record some
Lorena videos, you're not going to the gym today
believe
eh But this doesn't make much sense
Hey, are you watching this?
tesa you are watching
This Oh my God They gave me one
membership man is that I already believe that
1000 members in a live is that you
crash to
we all absolutely go a little more I go
to have more members than subscribers
and what an audience here
No, well, there are already more members than
spectators here no
There are already more members than viewers
another 50 d The vi va come
I'm not understanding at all
I don't understand anything at all
nothing tesa Explain it to me indignantly supporting
to Ricky Edi because they are super
outraged by the things Dallas does
The bad one is you, Jorge, who is here.
a couple of posts arguing that
The drug should be legal and there is no
nothing wrong because it is simply a
guidance here you have another post
where it states that you are a in some
Sometimes you abuse women but hey
that whenever he abuses he asks for forgiveness
Ricki fan, dude, you should
look at the answers his fans give him
to the people who are dedicated to responding with
your location says you are from Mexico
You are from Uruguay, you are from Argentina, you are
I don't know what the amount of insults
racists or xenophobes who are dedicated to
put it is that it has a fandom that gives
[ __ ] disgusting but truly disgusting
supposedly some crazy person inside mine
Of course, but he is also who
will follow him if the [ __ ] that
He dedicates himself to doing his garbage and you have
pure thing one after another I wait
I hope you do well, then there have been people
of his fandom like Tas is a crazy you
is going to block because you are against it
that I have blocked you of course or so
block you because I have blocked you
I want, I don't want you interacting
with me That's simple I mean if you
only interaction with me is one
negative interaction Why will you
queer interacting with me I understand
no Neither is it use T either
Senente is simply that which they complain about
ayas blocks s Well if you come to me
profile to say nonsense Of course you
blockage obviously I don't want to be
having interactions but Ricky too
blocks a
Ricky also blocks a lot
a lot eh, I mean, he has blocked one
lots of people Why people say
that days can't block you
Thank you, but he goes one step further.
enter my interactions to block
to the people who respond to me, that is
has blocked almost all my fans and
many of them have published the capture
like I've never told anyone and I've
blocked but very much so
Of them I think I have seen in the
video of r like there are people that you
you have blocked that I never enter with you
but I think it's because they have interacted with
Ricky or they have said something about Ricky and they
unlocked directly well some
Sometimes I see people interacting with A
the best tweets where they insult me or what
that maybe I become a trend or
whatever and I see some then I block it
who has published something of mine although not
be mentioned directly by
course But he goes a step further or
be him I think it goes directly to my
followers and blocks all one by one and
you should ask yourself who you are
supporting and that's it, that would be all for me
part I want to say that no I do not support
I am not really a supporter of anyone
in fact I'm hardly on social media
That's why I've never had any interactions
with you on Twitter I appreciate that there is
been educated Because many people me
I was saying on Twitter that you're doing well
to scream and speak very badly to you
I don't know what I'm grateful for, the peace of mind
of the debate because he is a person
I don't like to stay very calm
interrupt I don't like to shout I don't like to
likes spectacle and well, nothing, that is me
I have nothing against you in fact
I have defended 90 of my life only had
This topic I had certain doubts about
Because in the end I have not
fully informed and I think it has been
Of course I haven't informed myself completely and
nothing else I have nothing else either
Say No I'm not a Ricky fan I have been
Pambi all my life and I have nothing
against you like look how it is
the piece of fake is going to look how it is
goes and then gets on
where where
Ricky is one in which he puts after
A private conversation with Dallas
we were going to make the debate call today
At 3 it's 6:6 and I have no signal
how do I have to take this in life?
I understand that it was before having the
talk for what it says here and this
I understand that by counting the experience of
that I quoted you at a time and you were not there at that time
Now truth be told, he left me waiting for 4 hours.
and then tell me it's because I was
eating Ah maybe that explains the photo
shirtless that I uploaded today but no
Let's do some body shaming on this.
because I think it's not right and he doesn't
He's never done it to me or anything like that.
so I continue with the next one
tweet that was this this I hope you don't
It is important that you teach it, but it is good form.
part of the conversation is the same and it is the
md yours that me Ah well what did he tell you
that D is chubby and has little tits. Ah
that's why you eat for 4 hours well
I found it on Instagram in the requests
when I went to look at your profile
because I was first sent this tweet by
Twitter and you told me Hello Ricky
Today I'm going to have a debate with Dallas
Defending you seems a little crazy to me
because I used to be a bread visitor or
be it or be it Or be it the girl this aunt is the
typical eh she is the typical clown who goes
trying to interact Hey, can you give me your
Instagram What is this is the typical one
clown trying to interact
like the one with pink hair that comes out in
Twitter is also very well known
nothing more than eating his balls
everyone who has tried
interacting with me sent me
messages to me that the ti two has taken out
messages say No look I congratulate you a [ __ ]
You don't even remember the messages that
you have sent me on other social networks and
a lot of and to another lot of
youtubers that I have pathetic message
dragged you know you know who I'm telling you
no, that is, it is known, it is only known
eating ass to see who opens it for him
private okay that is the typical one that feels
who wants to be more than just an audience and
he wants to talk to them by force
YouTube okay Hi Ricky today I'm going to do
a debate with dasas defending you
I know what a defense you have given me.
girl, it makes me a little crazy
because I used to be a bread visitor at most
power but your content has changed me
the mind, that is, you swallow the content
manipulated and cuts lying and has you
changed your mind because you are
manipulable okay Good to such an extent
that we have seen that in the debate you do not
you have managed to maintain your position
proven Dallas right on everything and now
you're going to get here and say that
contrary if there is anything that can
help me in the debate you can tell me
I would love to receive help, the help that
you need a clown, it's a help that
the government is worth it, a kiss is not
any help this creature can give you
okay, that is, the help you need most
special than what you see Many
Thanks man, I left you stiff, right?
orelvis doesn't make sense Hey, what's up
runny nose in 977 members
But how am I going to do this? How am I going to do it?
I tell the people on Twitter Ah
I don't know how I'm going to explain this to you.
to the people of
Twitter when I posted yesterday that we had
broken a limb a record
Well he says it from the first instance Before
to talk to him you might not be able to but you
content has changed my mind If there is
anything that can help me in the
debate that you can tell me I would love to
receiving help is saying that I didn't see this
because I still receive 200 or 300 applications.
that it was some kind of play or some
thing I was doing with an account
secondary city or something like that I don't know
who you were and what this was like for
try to make me feel bad because well with
other colleagues have gone to
ex-partner of yours summer flings from ago
10 years to throw [ __ ] at him, and anyway
that they have said a lot of nonsense and such
and I say the same I have done something like that with Aluna
girl I was there
Thank you very much Eli, really. I mean, yes.
puts this clown that has taken out This is
taking clip from Dallas of the year
polka is talking to ex-girlfriends of the
Dallas is doing absolutely
talking to any bread visit for
try to scratch something and it starts to
complain that Dallas talks to no
I know who's girlfriend is
who 10 years or something fatal but not
because when I saw your profile I didn't know you
It didn't sound familiar to me, so she called me.
attention that after the talk I
Things have become clear And things less so
clear yet so it will be necessary to speak with
redwi By the way, I haven't mentioned it
because he was on vacation to see if he
maybe it's not even vacation But
Well, the thing you didn't see
t
How I think that
then I think that after the talk I
Things have become clear And things less so
clear yet so it will be necessary to speak with
Ricky Eddie let's see if he's there too
open to debate what clown guy what
clown what
clown whatsit
clown, let's see if he's there too
open to debate well when I read this yes
I'll be honest, the first thing I fell for was
I think he is a fame seeker who wants
appear on each other's channels
saying pollora fan poora fan I don't know
And he answers: I was very respectful.
Unlike what the son pig was
of the great [ __ ] of ricu when he spoke with
My fan is telling him terrible things
fan whom he calls a girl but who
He's 19 years old, you disgusting son of a [ __ ]
stalker, abuser and coward the combo
complete whether you are more or less a fan and have
debated or refuted things with him
recently because the video I think that
what was uploaded yesterday or the day before yesterday
I ask about these objectives that you have
I personally took it out at the end
can you really say it won't affect me
Because I know what my reality is
You consider that disgusting accuser
abuser or coward is something that is
It is limited to what I am or what I am with
that you identify me according to Thank you
and on the other hand at the beginning he talks about his
debate with you says I was very respectful and
Well, that phrase, those three words,
that are fine You agree with that
cowardly statement Yes okay coward yes
I am also xenophobic, but then
Reviewing the debate I have seen myself very
self-conscious about her "I'll tell you" attitude
something that makes perfect sense
He laughs and changes the subject then
funny how strange it is that he doesn't usually do it much
that's why you're my fan
currently in the Dallas debate
He changed the subject and laughed and
I changed the subject to avoid answering
What? But we just saw it now.
same
here But why do they put that
constantly when they are left
bad but we just saw it
Here I think you are like that
he shot a three-pointer and made it
completely in the title eh or so me
I think the future has said damn it
turned a debate with Dallas into the
that his only mission was to make me
hated
has ended up turning you into a me
may I be completely consumed once in a while
when your content because your content
Although it may be a person who
whether people like or dislike it, it is very good
now the
unique no no no
No, I'm not going to leave you anymore, I'm not going to leave you anymore
ban eh like if you start again
give away members I'll ban you I'm not going to give you away anymore
allow
This doesn't make any [ __ ] sense anymore, I don't know what
There will be 5000 left, I haven't counted it yet.
When I finish this quiz I'll see it.
but you stay still now and let the others
Put it if you want us to break the record
kid who was a suba for himself is the typical
who likes to talk to youtuber is like
the one with the pink hair that by balls
wants to talk to YouTube and it has worked out for him
sending messages to wismichu in Dallas to
another to all to all to all to all to
everyone is on my side without even having
started the debate for me this was like
that you were on his side and in the end
I said, look, I realized that no
but it is that from the first hour you have not
I need to talk to you to give you
realized that he was not right.
But okay I was the mythical one of Ah okay
who has realized that he was not in
the right group of friends I am
yesterday talking about the myth that they founded
always among friends because everyone
world day to Dallas everyone
I loved people like Wimo and so on and I was
like crazy and I've gotten into many
moved to defend Dallas on social media
social all the videos that he uploaded were of
influencer moves and so on
Jerry mu that if I had that it would hurt me a lot
laziness or rather I am the content of dasas
because it was getting interesting and that's it
could be funny on many occasions
but when everything was controversial, controversial
controversy controversy was as if not so much
because I understand that the guideline changed
of its content and stopped consuming it
Okay, you consider me xenophobic.
I think you have said xenophobic things.
I probably said this in a way
yesterday eh probably because it's all a
social media character like me
I am very clear Or at least I hope so
So be it that you in person are not like
you are on social networks you want
person money that can buy you and that
You only eat rice and rice and chicken because
you can't afford such a thing if you live like this
I'm like that in real life, they can't even tell you that.
Obviously you're walking down the street
saying guard aunt Yes yes no to the last
that I found that I with a little bit of
I told her: Cover yourself, [ __ ], and I'm going to call.
Your father told me I don't have it, I said to him.
I posted a tweet and I asked you how
you can know that a person and his mother
They carry Ah that is a character that is a
character
family that is a character that does not
He says it, his character says it for months
talking if you haven't read months of
conversation
totally Well, let one of you tell me
the parties
Ricky is worse than he looks.
because apparently Miare's mother has
has come out publicly to say that it is not
that the account was magically
look but he took the cell phone from
miare to log in to your laptop
go to the bathroom, spend hours in the bathroom
looking at conversation tables as if
My mother says it, this is how it is, eh?
He himself has said that he knows they exist and
You can't know they exist by looking through 3
seconds the laptop and then comes to
tell me that you are an abuser for being
looking at your partner's cell phone because you have
seen that he has cheated on you And
Look how Dalas has tried to squeeze me
that I say that you are an abuser
got eh the clicks that I saw at least
you didn't say it and when I told Adas
Hey could you give me the screenshots of what
you have said you have told me that I am nobody
Whoever has to send him to capture him. Well.
Well, okay, in fact, wait, I'm going to read you.
the text message that Dallas sent me
because Ricky is king when the girl
He said that, the girl says, I asked him
captures Dallas and Dallas has told me
You are nobody for me to have
that I send you a capture and Ricky laughs
It's exactly the same thing he told me
in the last debate when I told him yes
He sent me the claim that he filed against you
that I was nobody who was I
to send it to me, that is, Ricky literally
He just laughed at something he himself did
says you see it
look when I told him aas Hey Could you
give me the screenshots of what you said
He told me that I am no one to whom
I have to send it to you, it's exactly good
the same thing he told me in the debate
when I asked him for the complaint
Look
tell me who is who
you are PR yes
give to and
If he goes up to pick her up, let him send you and
publish the photocopy you want me to
It doesn't matter if I go up to pick it up, I'll take it to you.
Would you not teach the order before
he comes to pick her up and identifies himself
that goes per but for who are you Javi est
ask who you are Javi you see it I mean and and
Now the girl tells him that Dallas
He told him and he laughed, this Rii Ed
That's all That's all
everything In fact wait I'm going to read it to you
text message that made me mad when
I asked for the screenshots, thanks, you don't have any.
to wait for me to send you screenshots
to see You are wrong in
absolutely everything and I don't have to give it to you
no capture of anything everything is
Public at once this is our chat
complete there is no more below seeing this you
I'm asking you directly, damn it, okay?
that the screen sharing has been removed
LL I ask you directly eh
Do you consider that in that chat there is
some message deleted by me by
the one that is a message loses meaning to you
has shown some message capture from
Look, I think he deleted this at some point.
that there are no edited items to edit in
discord is to correct rat but
Well sometimes you can edit and change
the whole text but well, I don't think even that
nor is there any, I would put it in parentheses v e
You are aware that the chat that
we can see today is that
done leave me and the threats were well
and then others are also mentioned
captures when you mention the
friends from Bogot or Colombia or something
And he denies them I'm not going to answer
I'm just going to do this now on screen
the capture will appear in the video which
He says, "I think it was Moror," to a hacker.
that he got into stard
context that I was trying to get into and
He said he had friends in Colombia, that is
He told him to send him dasas. He has
good arguments but the way so
explosive in that it transmits them when
wants to do something is not the right one in
my opinion sometimes yes many times yes
but in this debate with these girls I
I've seen quite assertive people. It seems to me
that this debate girl has done it
quite well calm he has not lacked
In this regard, there have been several occasions in
the ones that the girl How many sub I have handsome
Please give me the details, Oreli. I don't know.
how long have you been exclusively doing this?
[ __ ]
It's just that this doesn't stop
grow 1027 there are right now
1027 we would be talking about there being
right now
4400 30 something
Damn, I don't know how long you've been in
exclusive but for for for for it is
Well, the live show is already good today, king.
this
well it doesn't matter, nothing matters
equal the number of their parents so that
his parents will punish him or send him to
punish him but he says he denies it
existence of this capture in fact the
excerpts from the videos of things that
I'm saying that he denies what he says
you will be seeing in the middle of this montage
but I'm not going to put it live because it's
a pain eh And well then there you have it
capture of Colombia's friends
or from Bogot and they are not the only ones who have
talked about the subject of hitmen
He also uses hitmen to play
with some girls he talks to
but we will see this later
excuse that's new that's new now
also No no that's a lie no it's not
You can know that there has been a triple For me
It was reasonable because he would have
been the first to beg him from
knees to my ex a video for his channel
just to screw me over. But oh well, it's okay.
fully taking into account that in the
debate with me was going on all the time
saying I would love to go out now
talk should go out to talk and also
she emphasizes if she came out to speak
or if she wanted to report it
They would surely condemn Well maybe in
a trial is not going to happen, I told Dallas.
I told Dallas when he mentioned your ex
I told him you don't need to talk about it.
nothing you've talked to her about in private
like I don't want that Ah well that's it
cut I think I didn't see it I told him
that there was no need to talk about it
She and he were leaving, she had all the load of
world of telling a private thing that
okay and well I will emphasize one
old clip of our friend Daniel in
the one who when he speaks of convictions of
Sentence of testimonies that are not proven
He is the one who says if he thinks he has
reason to denounce me and condemn me
I don't know what good And I also have to
tell you one
thing to see but let's see let's see
Uncle, I really do tell you later
that is what I defend, he is talking about
from the typical Dallas clip where he says yes
I am guilty of something that they accuse me of
and that they condemn me and when they denounce me
and condemn me because I will be guilty but
meanwhile because I don't know who
Say no, Ricky, you're trying.
compare that the first thing is that it is a cl
from ago
Well, I would say that is up for debate.
Messi verga or so I would say that's it
quietly from 6 years ago
quietly almost nothing 6 years is worth
almost nothing 6 years but out part out
part of whether it represents you or not
Something you said 6 years ago is that no
is comparable to something you have
recognized
Uncle you know but look at Ricky put it
The other day the cl on Twitter is the
which says that the cli of the past do not
They are worth it, he says so, that is, it is no longer valid there.
anything Ricky says or
any
cli on a personal level Dani in case that
already took me to court is enough
It probably won't come out in a file
public on Google of proven facts that
I shared images of the naked torso
with a 13-year-old girl with whom
I have been keeping in direct contact with
networks like Skype for a period of time
time we are going to put into the subject of chicken
of this girl with whom I did the
debates And there is a moment in which
What do you say, agreeing with him that even
a certain point by How he exposes you the
I understand the problem, but I'm going to try.
that you understand it the way you
I did it in case you didn't see the videos
that it is like a macaque monkey to ask things
sexually to a girl about her relationship
But now I ask you why
I understand that opinion in the context that
he sells you have you seen the videos of
My debate with Angi, what is this called?
chicken girl you've seen them you understand
the context of why I do that to him
question I think is because you wanted to like
to nag about the contract issue
So you haven't seen it, it's not because
That's why I first ask him if he has done anything.
when I realized that every time I
I ask him something whether it is sexual or not.
four videos the debate is very long no
It's not even a debate, it's a friendly chat.
She diverts attention and I realize
of host if you are dodging these
questions or do not want to answer this
The issue is because he made you sign a
[ __ ] [ __ ] there
if you don't want to talk to me about this it is
because you made yourself sign It Is So that
you were chinch chatting with there was a
contract is not chinch talk I was
trying to get him to say yes or no
Of course now that I have the contracts
from other girls who tried to sign
that in fact by the way since the
threads that you posted of which I have received more
people who had to sign them
but they have no problem because they have not
had no bad thing Just
have taken off from this person and not
They have a relationship with the Pro Bueno he
been able to see that this girl Although it
I would have signed it even if I have signed it
You can't say that it exists because you have to say it
assumes that there is a private relationship
between Dallas and her and that couldn't happen
become public therefore eh
Obviously I wasn't going to say it but I
what I asked these things to me
What the [ __ ] do I care about someone's sex life?
Dallas gives me the creeps, it's a
person who has to sign contracts
to [ __ ] quietly eh At least the
the way I see things
that aspect in what [ __ ] interest I am going to
have me in your sexual life beyond
be calm because an 18-year-old girl
19 years old knowing that she is in good spirits and
legally in a situation where no
is impaired what [ __ ] sexual interest
I'm going to have to ask him things about that.
I didn't get that feeling because you want to see him
the [ __ ] give to Ricky if in the end it
The only thing that seems to interest you, dude, yeah
There is no more. I mean, eh, Dallas has it.
Ricky left fatally He doesn't stop staying
like a crybaby has been bitter in
almost every vacation he has taken
This summer, but bitter, the day came
after photocopying with one face
broken down
okay And he has it completely touched and
is doing a lot of things that
criticism is making a lot of
things that criticize well let's see I wanted
listen to the girl, no, Ricky already did it
I have more, more than heard more than anything
To compare more than anything what he did
in the debate and what has come here to
say after funny funny for
We will be enough for him
terrible, of course the request may exist
Of course Exactly because and he says no
because this is not recommended to you
police to see if you go to the police with
death threats against me as a police officer
Honestly I would say or order of
distancing and home the complaint
I was able to comment on the complaint in the first place
instance was not due to threat The threat
They went because they asked me
conversation or dealing history that
I have with him I told him the videos that we
we had exchanged the things that I
each one said what I said to myself
series were criticizing that it could not
record an R with 100,000 and that I was
trying to exar videos that YouTube Se
is laughing in your face that was my
attacks and my great harassment of the last few
10 years old and his job was to call me at
abuser and who made an apology for it
geo violence and they told me Okay what
but I had spoken privately before
I showed him Twitter and Discord and the police
did so and you should ask or request
that a restraining order be applied
because whether or not I am here this is a
dangerous person and he is a danger I say
Well if this doesn't cause me any pain
head and I won't have to be
involved 100,000 pieces of [ __ ]
that this is simply a lie, man, yes
There is no more uncle It's that it's that I
It makes me really angry to hear it and and
So much embarrassment, man, because that's not
It works like this, it is deceiving the
kids to applaud him and that's it
It's okay to be somewhat right in
something that cannot have it is that it is not
It works like this, you don't go to a police station to
report because they are telling you
abuser is saying no it's not that
the principle the complaint is not for
threat or Ricky has gone from that
complaint is for calling him an abuser
which is a complaint for calling him
abuser by
threat but also because of Pambi
Because if you step on Andorra it means you are already there.
higher authorities and there are many people
that wants to wait for them you know how uncle
you are a very careful looking monkey
D is danced the D does with you what
wants is worth the same as what he does with almost
everything you want with almost everyone
primar hoarse is this okay or so and I
I always use the same example because it is
One is there where you realize it's okay
If Dallas makes a video right now
Ricky Eddie or Delox has them.
has tomorrow dancing okay tomorrow they
They make a series there, Mens ha
mentioned seven videos in the case of
Ricky at least puts out content
Lucra sees it as something more, so it tastes like
better better want takes bad not having the
Reason is valid but in the case of Delox
delox right now He's nervous since
a week ago to see what the hell it is
what is Dallas going to release now in the
next video I make because Dallas
promised video It's of the right now
He's so nervous that he's going to check, I don't know.
What Flowers I don't know how much it is worth
but the difference is that Ricky can
release 8,000 videos of Dallas and Dallas
will answer or not
will answer will answer Maybe inside
After three weeks you suddenly find yourself
with a
video or Dallas decides which one he
Reply, do you understand my point or not? Go ahead
decide Well, today I feel like it
answer Ricky Edi to a video that
He made me like this and Ricky answers him No
Ricky is now being asked by Dallas
video and if he catches him in Yugoslavia he comes
from Yugoslavia records the video or or in the
same Yugoslavia looks for photocopies makes them
That is the difference and there you see
you who has grabbed by the balls
who who has the other one handling me
you understand That's where you see it
difference between the travel time and
Rick
and d he finds out or he doesn't find out and he
answer or don't answer okay but in
Yes, Ricky is traveling and says a video
Find a stationery store and print the tweets.
I don't know what. Or to say the same thing.
same [ __ ] that contradicts itself with
I'm not going to get what he himself says out of him.
this year's climate catapum and Ricky but yes
When they took you out, you said
that the clicks are not worth the clicks
old ones are worthless
It's not that dasas doesn't step on
Andorra I don't know why dasas pisa
Andorra no but it is that when it has
stepped on the police station is closed
The police station is open. Not anymore, but it's just that
There is no one on that street
police station is going to be like this or
be the thing about printing the t It was incredible to
I think Ricky is a very good character.
cousin very pretty to me it seems like one
very cute little thing, very pretty, very
very
ridiculous, it gives me a lot of fear
Ricky, well, let's see.
its members and us
we already stopped it
already already what you
I say let's see what one has sent me
thing Hey hey but Wait Wait
Wait, we're very much at the top.
That is to say, we are very much at the top
eh Let's see wait at most I update the
bar and but of course it is not because it is not
the same platform does not appear No, that is
we are talking about this
straight
has 1027 I didn't give away anything right now
worth 1027 new members
okay considering what we had today
We are 3396
442 I don't understand
We are going to set a target of 5000 4423
the bar uncle that no longer has any type
of or he has given away another 50
Uncle So they are
73 what the [ __ ] is the point of this
Barra Claro Luare sent me this
Uncle Luare sent me this.
we would be
we just just overtook him
Dead we are between the Dead and
revenant does not have
sense no it has no meaning
sense
this last time is not having
I have added nothing of sense added
This last one
season is not having anything
sense
eh This last one
season of the three channels is not
having any kind of
Meaningful people Thank you very much everyone
Really Thank you all so much for
engage in
I don't think I'll do any kind of this today.
we have become more lively
[Music]
We have met with the people of the
Urbanization and such to go to a party
So I'm leaving for today, although
Yes, it is true that I have to record
I don't know if I'll record videos now before
to leave or I will record it later when
come back at night I don't know okay Oy to
tomorrow eh orel I'm going to make you orel ha
given away another 50
Uncle, let's add it up since I have this
open
no sense at all
Thanks uncle Thank you very much The one from
true Thank you very much everyone
Okay
Thank you very much to everyone
Uncle This is something that I think will be the
top eh I already believe that in many years
We will not have this limit again.
obviously
I think this is going to be the one
I thank Atania, I think.
that this is going to be the
stop never again I think we'll go again
I actually think this is going to be difficult.
to maintain because of course you realize
that many here are
we are talking about gifts
will be given away
no [ __ ] idea complicated of
knowing it doesn't turn you on How many are there
given away and how many not here in
YouTube But well, crazy, crazy.
Look, he's touching it a lot over there.
of people
verified
Hey, 2000 free, you think half?
where you get it from takes it a little from you
ass
he doesn't take it out on you
ass point
No, but it's fabric, eh, but it's fabric, fabric
fabric I'm going to capture it for
Twitter I'm going to capture it for Twitter
to show off your youth
and thanks to all guys so much
Thanks, okay, I'll record a video later.
and by tomorrow it will surely be so
you will have in the
main kisses boys Kisses See you
handsome Thanks for the direct
[Music]